---
layout: subcategory
title: 1900
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 1900
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/1900/
---

### 1740

1740 Cuba was a major hub for the transatlantic slave trade. 

### 1856

All Middle East history is in the “Foreign Affairs” section. It is extensive. I will only be adding current events from Trump’s first presidency forward. It is highly recommended to look at the historical timeline leading up to most recent events, it explains a lot. 

### 1898

1898-02-15 The US sent USS Maine to Cuba. It exploded while at port in Havana, killing 260 Americans. 

1898-12-10 Spain submitted to the Treaty of Paris and gave up their colonies in the Caribbean and West Indies. 

### 1901

1901 (Platt Amendment) Cuba negotiated its own independence from the US under the agreement that both countries keep exclusive trade relations and the US would have the right to intervene in Cuban affairs. Also it leased Guantanamo Bay to the US military. This gave the US the upper hand to meddle in any movements that would threaten US business interests.


### 1909 

1909 (historical context) The Ango-Persian Oil Company was incorporated in the United Kingdom. Renamed to Anglo-Iranian Oil Company in 1935. 

### 1914 Sykes-Picot Agreement

1914-01-01 European imperial powers began plans to partition up the Ottoman Empire region after World War I, including holding secret negotiations in 1915 called the Sykes-Picot Agreement which was signed May 16, 1916. This caused much resentment from Arabs and Muslims.

### 1917 Balfour

1917-11-02 The British Foreign Secretary Arthor Balfour pledged British support for establishing a national home for the Jewish people, AKA Israel, to support Zionist aspirations. This led to plans to divide up the heart of the region in places where Palestinians already lived. This was created without local consent and against the will of the region’s inhabitants.

### 1918 European Colonialism

1918-11-11 World War I ended, but much of the Arab region did not regain independence. Rather, control was handed over to European colonial powers and carved up amongst themselves. Most Arab nations did not gain independence until after World War II.

### 1920

1920 If you pay attention to the eugenics movement, Americans considered whites "the right people".  Charles Davenport proposed building a wall too, to "keep out the cheaper races" as he put it. If a history lesson doesn’t make clear the racist implications of not welcoming migrants, keep in mind news outlets began to report in October 2025 how the Trump administration began work to overhaul the refugee system so it would favor white people.

### 1943 Lebanon Independence

1943-11-22 Lebanon gained its independence.

### 1946 Syria, Jordan Independence

1946-04-17 Syria gained their independence.

1946-05-25 Jordan gained their independence.

### 1947 Nakba Ethnic Cleansing

1947-12-31 Israel began carrying out the Nakba, or ethnic cleansing, of Palestinian Arabs in the region. It began with displacement of 700,000 people and grew into a genocide which lasted all the way through 2026.

### 1948 

1948-05-14 The State of Israel was created without the consent of the people who lived there, involving things like mass displacement, dispossession, military defeat, occupation, and watching Western powers impose their will on the region.

1948-05-15 Arabs went to war with Israel for the first time. Israel expanded. For clarity, the Arab nations like Egypt, Syria, Jordan and Iraq were all secular nationalist governments, not religious regimes. Many of them were openly against Islamist movements like the Muslim Brotherhood. The conflict with Israel was not a religious holy war. It was a political and anti-colonial struggle. Zionism was seen as a geopolitical project backed by Western powers for domination.

### 1952

1952 The US put support behind Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista. 

### 1953 US CIA Coup

1953-08-15 The coup was organized by the US CIA. After the Iranian coup, the US framed the Middle East as inherently chaotic and a threat to Western interests. The US toppled a democratically elected government August 19, 1953 after the leader, Mosaddegh, threatened Wester oil interests by nationalizing the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company. Prior to this coup, Christians, Jews and Muslims coexisted in the region. The US intended to install a Western-friendly monarchy. The US backed the Shah of Iran and put him into power to rule for the next 25 years.

### 1954

1954-01-01 The American Israel Public Affairs Committee was founded and would become the second most powerful lobbyist group in America, promoting pro-Israel including advancement in Israel’s interests. One of the prominent sponsors of AIPAC was Charles Kushner, father of Jared Kushner.

1954-05-17 The Supreme Court case Brown v Board of Education desegregated schools. Megachurch founder and televangelist Jerry Falwell stated in a sermon, “If Chief Justice (Earl) Warren and his associates had known God’s word and had desired to do the Lord’s will, I am quite confident that the 1954 decision would have never been made. The facilities should be separate. When God has drawn a line of distinction, we should not attempt to cross that line”.



### 1955

1955-01-01 The anti-LGBTQ Westboro Baptist church was founded. They are known for their picketing, harassment, and slogan “God hates f-gs”.

1955-05-04 The CIA trained torturers serving Fulgencio Batista's regime in Cuba.

### 1956 Suez Crisis

1956-10-29 Israel launched an attack on Egypt, the Suez Crisis.

### 1957 Atoms for Peace

Eisenhower created the Atoms for Peace, where we gave Iran their first nuclear reactor and nuclear materials under the Western-friendly Shah installed in 1953 under the US CIA Iranian coup.

### 1959 

1959 Fulgencio Batista fled Cuba under pressure from Castro who assumed power. The US also imposed embargos on Cuba. 


### 1961

1961-09-01 USAID was created by John F. Kennedy with bipartisan support for humanitarian reasons and has since then saved hundreds-of-thousands of lives, provided miraculous aid, and has bonded the United States to other countries by making a wonderful impression. 

### 1964 

1964-01-01 The US-funded Summer Institute of Linguistics proselytized to indigenous people in remote areas, fostered subservience and compliance, forced people onto reservations at the will of oil companies, and helped Brazil assimilate people of the Amazon. 

1964-1968 Trump received five deferments to serving the Army: four student deferments and one medical deferment for bone spurs. 

### 1966

1966-01-01 Jerry Falwell founded the whites-only Lynchburg Christian Academy to circumvent the 1954 ruling to ban segregation. He wrote in his book ‘America Can Be Saved’, “I hope I live to see the day when, as in the early days of our country, we won’t have any public schools. The churches will have taken them over again and Christians will be running them”. In 1977 courts ruled that segregated private religious schools could not qualify as charitable organizations or retain tax exempt status. 
### 1967

1967-01-01 Interesting FYI: Project Rebound was founded, offering hope and higher education opportunities for formerly incarcerated individuals. Project Rebound Metrics from 2016 to 2016 had an astounding recidivism rate of 0%, meaning all students enrolled in their program did not re-offend, which also by that metric means the project has a 100% success rate. It assisted with books, school supplies, and help with childcare during school.
[https://www.calstate.edu/impact-of-the-csu/student-success/project-rebound](https://www.calstate.edu/impact-of-the-csu/student-success/project-rebound)


1967-06-05 During the “Six Day War” Israel captured territory from Arabs in under a week. To be clear, this war was not about religious fundamentalism. The slogan “Palestine is Arab” became a rallying cry, not because of religious fundamentalism or anti-Jewish sentiment, but in attempt to reclaim a sense of pride and agency.

### 1969

1969-01-01 The Black Panther Party launched its Free Breakfast for Children Program to combat student hunger. 

1969-07-12 The National Security Council characterized progressive Catholic clergy as an “increasingly disruptive force”, writing that “sermons and writings have already aroused the concern of Conservative church officials and military leaders” .

### 1970

1970-01-01 Donald J. Trump has faced numerous sexual assault allegations dating back to the 1970s. 

### 1971 

1971-03-05 Nixon stated in a directorate that they were threatened because priests were working with the peasants and workers “against the oligarchs and the armies”. 

1971-08-03 Virginian corporate attorney Lewis Powell wrote a confidential 8-page memo “Attack on American Free Enterprise System” outlining efforts for corporations to take over universities and media. He was later nominated by Nixon to the US Supreme Court in 1972. He sat on the Phillips-Morris board and argued cigarettes did not cause cancer.


### 1972

1972-01-01 Nixon said, “The press is the enemy…the establishment is the enemy…the professors are the enemy…write that on a blackboard 100 times and never forget it”.

### 1973

1973-01-01 Wikipedia overview explains DJT has been involved in over 4000 legal cases.

1973-01-22 Roe v. Wade legalized abortion. 

1973-10-01 Pinochet with the help of the U.S. funding carried out Operation Condor charged with eliminating perceived opponents of the military regime. An estimated 50,000 were killed, 30,000 missing, and 400,000 were imprisoned and tortured.  In 1974-12-15 Pinochet personally attended the Jotabeche Pentecostal Methodist Church in Santiago Chile two days after those evangelicals pledged their support for Pinochet. Billy Graham personally praised Pinochet as a “great Christian leader”. 


1973-10-06 Yom Kippur War: Arab states led by Egypt and Syria launched a surprise attack on Israel. The US airlifted arms to Israel (Operation Nickel Grass), and the 1973 oil crisis was prompted. Israel won, although there were heavy casualties on both sides.

### 1975

1975-01-01 The Banzer Plan was developed to deliberately discredit liberation theology and suppress left-wing Roman Catholic dissent.  Bolivian intelligence joined with the U.S. CIA to plant literature and shut down any progressive church publications. 


### 1979 

1979-07-03 The US launched Operation Cyclone to destabilize the Soviets before they invaded Afghanistan and to arm and finance Afghan fighters after the invasion. The US, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan funneled billions of dollars into it. Fighters saw themselves as religious freedom fighters against the Soviets, then later against the West and Israel. Religious fundamentalism was not noted by the US, so long as the fighters were anti-communist.

1979-11-04 The US Embassy was seized in Tehran with support from Ayatollah Khomeini. The Shah of Iran was swept out of the country and sent to the US for protection. Sixty-six (66) Americans were held hostage for 444 days. After this was the rise of the Iranian or Islamic revolution and eventual rise of Islamist movements like Hamas. This was the first time an Islamic movement successfully overthrew a secular Western-backed monarchy. Led by Ayatollah Khomeini.

1979-11-20 The Siege of Mecca: Saudi Arabia had complicit military and economic ties with the US including enriching themselves with oil money, which Islamic radicals despised. Armed Islamic radicals seized Mecca.

1979-12-01 The Saudi royal family made a bargain on the ultra-conservative religious doctrine Wahhabi Islam and export this ideology to places like Pakistan, Afghanistan, Egypt, Sudan, and others. In exchange, it would try to keep local radicals in check and maintain their control.

1979-12-24 The Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan.

1979-12-31 Osama bin Laden, the son of a wealthy Saudi businessman, emerged. He used his family wealth to build a jihadist infrastructure and network.

### 1980

1980-12-02 In El Salvador groups of U.S. troops assaulted and killed Catholic nuns and priests. 


### 1981 

1981-05-25 The Gulf Cooperation Council was established in the Middle East to unionize Gulf states.


1981-08-05 President Ronald Regan fired 11,345 air traffic controllers because they were on strike demanding better pay and conditions.



### 1982

1982-01-01 Televangelist Jerry Falwell founded Virginia’s Liberty Godparent Home as an alternative to abortion. Former residents alleged coercion, shame, manipulation, forced birth, and pressured adoptions.

1982-01-01 The Federalist Society was founded by Yale, Harvard, and University of Chicago law students to challenge liberal legal ideas. Many Trump allies have been members or supporters.

1982-03-01 Regan added Cuba to the state sponsor of terrorism list.

1982-03-23 Self-proclaimed born-again Pentecostal Efrain Rios Montt carried out one of the largest genocides against the Maya, with financial backing from the US. He was convicted of genocide in 2013. Ronald Regan called him “a man of great personal integrity”. Jerry Falwell supported him, and Pat Robinson interviewed him on the 700 Club. Christianity Today’s Luis Palau said, “It’s great to have a Christian president as a model…the hand of God appears to be on him”. 


### 1985 Iran Contra Affair

1985-11-01 The Iran-Contra affair took place. The Regan administration sold arms to Iran in exchange for securing the release of American hostages in Lebanon. The funds helped support Nicaraguan rebels. This was the same era that the US was sending weapons to Iraq during the Iran-Iraq war.

### 1987

1987-01-01 Regan warned about the dangers of tariffs. 

1987-03-01 Televangelist Jim Bakker was accused of drugging and raping 21-year-old Jessica Hahn in a Florida hotel room in 1980.

1987-12-01 Hamas was founded by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and members of the Muslim Brotherhood. This is when religion became central to the narrative of the resistance in the Middle East, right after multiple failed attempts to regain freedoms, agency, and hope. Basically, messages became “you tried it their way, now try it our way”.  This is when places like the Mosque became a place for political refuge and social cohesion, much like Black churches during the Civil War.

### 1988

1988-01-01 Canon Press founder Doug Wilson tried to buy Christianity Today. 

### 1989

1989-01-01 Trump pushed for the death penalty of five wrongfully convicted Black and Latino men. The men later sued Trump. 

1989-02-15 The Soviets withdrew from Afghanistan.

1989-06-12 Megachurch founder and televangelist Jerry Falwell campaigned for a so-called “moral majority”, calling Regan “God’s instrument”, labeling Democrats as radicals, and weaponizing religion for political power. He stated, “Our goal has been achieved. The religious right is solidly in place and religious conservatives in America are now in for the duration”. 

### 1990

1990-01-01 Trump praised the Chinese government for their “strength and paramilitary action” during Tiananmen Square. 

1990-08-02 The US installed military bases during the Gulf War on places Muslims considered sacred land.

### 1991

1991–2009 Trump bankrupted at least four casinos

1991-03-03 Four officers brutally beat Rodney King, but two of the officers were later acquitted despite the incident being captured on video by a bystander. This ignited the L.A. riots.

### 1992

1992-01-01 The anti-gay propaganda film “The Gay Agenda” was produced by Christian right-wing fundamentalist group Springs of Life Ministries. 

1992 George Bush barred US companies from selling goods to Cuba.

1992-03-08 Kenneth Starr led a witch-hunt against the Clintons in the so-called Whitewater scandal, alleging fraud. 

1992-05-02 Vice President Dan Quayle criticized the TV show Murphy Brown for portraying single motherhood, accusing the show of “mocking the importance of fathers” and citing a lack of values. 

1992-08-17 Pat Buchanan declared a cultural and religious war as part of his "Make America First Again" campaign. 

1992-08-17 During an interview on Face the Nation, Pat Buchanan was asked about a racist memo against Jewish, Black, and Gay Americans. He said he wrote “tough” memos and would not “apologize for any of them.

### 1993

1993-05-20 Clinton signed the “Motor Voter Act” or National Voter Registration Act to help register voters. The GOP used this bill to demonize women, minority and immigrant voters and claim voter fraud. 

### 1994

1994-01-01 Televangelist Jerry Falwell promoted The Clinton Chronicles, a mockumentary accusing Bill Clinton of drug use, affairs, harassment, financial crimes, cover-ups, witness murders, and document destruction. 

1994-01-01 Evangelicals pushed a national “purity” movement containing distorted and misleading information, racist stereotypes and anti-LGBTQ+ rhetoric. 

### 1995

1995-01-01 Trump launched his own bottled water. 

1995-01-01 Peter Thiel published “The Myth About Diversity”.

### 1996

1996-01-01 Jeffrey Epstein faced sexual assault allegations dating back to 1996. 

1996-01-01 Peter Wagner started the New Apostolic Reformation. Context: They follow the Seven Mountain Mandate, dominion theology, and they make up approximately 41% of America.

1996-06-06 Antitrust Enforcement in the Meat Packing Industry (archived DOJ document)

### 1997

1997-01-01 Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy was a reality TV star on MTV’s The Real World and Road Rules. 

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Duffy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Duffy)


1997-05-07 Alan Dershowitz argued in an article that statutory-rape laws were outdated and that the age of consent should be lowered to 15. Dershowitz later served on Jeffrey Epstein's legal team and got Epstein a plea deal. 

### 1998

1998-01-01 Peter Thiel wrote “The purpose of the rape crisis movement seems as much about vilifying men as about raising ‘awareness’.” He also wrote in his book “The Diversity Myth: Multiculturalism and political Intolerance on Campus” that the definition of rape had been expanded to include “seductions that are later regretted”. He later gave a statement to Forbes magazine saying he wish he had never written those things and admitted that rape in all forms is a crime.

### 1999 January

1999-01-07 Articles of impeachment were submitted for Clinton for lying under oath about Monica Lewinsky. 

### 1999 February

1999-02-01 Jerry Falwell’s National Liberty Journal claimed the Teletubby Tinky Winky promoted homosexuality because he was purple and carried a purse.

### 1999 June

1999-06-20 Falwell’s National Liberty Journal called the Lilith Fair women’s music festival demonic because it referenced Lilith. 

### 1999 August

1999-08-16 David Horowitz published an article in Salon, writing, “Guns don’t kill black people, other blacks do… The NAACP’s ludicrous idea to sue gun manufacturers is yet another attempt by the left to avoid personal responsibility for some individuals’ bad behavior…If blacks are oppressed in America, why isn’t there a black exodus? Why do all those black Haitians want to come here? To be oppressed?”.
