---
layout: subcategory
title: 2000
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2000
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2000/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2000

Trump frequently uses demeaning nicknames and banter to degrade his opponents.

This is the year Trump stated Epstein "stole" one of his spa workers. Virginia Giuffre would have been 16.

In 2000 Larry Elder wrote an article for Capitalism Magazine in which he said, “**Women know less than men about political issues, economics, and current events**”. The article was titled “Democrats and the ‘SHE’ Vote”.

### 2001

According to articles, Stephen Miller would call in to the conservative Larry Elder Show during high school. For context, Larry Elder referred to Trump sexual assault allegations as “child’s play”, wrote an article saying women knew less about politics than men, and called systemic racism a lie.

Trump helped Melania Trump obtain an Einstein Visa to enter the United States. This type of Visa is generally reserved for individuals with extraordinary ability in science, art, education, business or athletics requiring sustained national or international acclaim.

Stephen Miller invited David Horowitz to speak at his high school and started a group called “Horowitz’s Students for Academic Freedom”. For context, David Horowitz wrote an article in Salon.com in 1999 writing, ““If blacks are oppressed in America, why isn’t there a black exodus? Why do all those black Haitians want to come here? To be oppressed?” and “Guns don’t kill black people, other blacks do”.

According to articles, Stephen Miller would call in to the conservative Larry Elder Show during high school. For context, **Larry Elder** referred to Trump sexual assault allegations as “child’s play”, wrote an article saying women knew less about politics than men, and **called systemic racism a lie**.

### 2001 September

2001-09-04 Then, in 2001, Larry Elder published a book called “Ten Things You Can’t Say in America” touting his opinions about women, race, and drug control. He wrote, “**Smart women simply overlook some boorish behavior by men. Off-color jokes and stupid remarks may be irritating, but a smart woman deals with this**”.

2001-09-11 Same day as the September 11 attack, Trump mentioned his building at 40 Wall St. will now be the tallest.

### 2002 March

2002-03-27 Stephen Miller wrote an article in the Santa Monica Lookout titled “**Political Correctness out of Control**”. In reference to Native Americans he wrote, “I suppose then that our country would have been better off if our soldiers never killed anyone, and we watched as our nation was obliterated by the evil in the world, as we sung songs of peace and love. Or, better yet, we could have lived with the Indians, learning how to finger paint and make tepees”. He also ranted about his school translating documents into Spanish, adhering to what he believed were liberal guidelines, offering condoms, and accused them of paying no heed to American holidays while giving attention to Mexican holidays.

### 2003 

This is the year the Epstein birthday book was compiled, including a letter from Trump of a naked woman’s outline, his signature mimicking pubic hair, and the following cryptic poem, “Voice Over – There must be more to live than having everything. Donald – Yes, there is, but I won’t tell you what it is. Jeffrey – Nor will I, since I also know what it is. Donald – We have certain things in common, Jeffrey. Jeffrey – Yes, we do, come to think of it. Donald – Enigmas never age, have you noticed that? Jeffrey – As a matter of fact, it was clear to me the last time I saw you. Donald – A pal is a wonderful thing. Happy Birthday – and may every day be another wonderful secret”.

### 2003 May

2003-05-06 Palantir was founded by Peter Thiel after 9/11 for defense intelligence agencies. It is a data mining and surveillance company. On the upside, it is a very powerful tool for security. On the other hand, nearly anyone could potentially pay to misuse its technology for things like AI-driven warfare, predictive policing, beta-testing on civilians, and warfare. In 2025 alone, the Department of Defense paid a $113M contract for defense on top of the existing $795M it had, and ICE paid $30M to get real-time data on tracking immigrants.

### 2004 October

2004-10-28 The Center for Public Integrity noted that more than 95% of Sinclair Broadcasting Group’s contributions go to Republicans. The article raised questions about whether the industry’s corporate goals may be affecting news coverage.

### 2005

Robert Kennedy published a story for Rolling Stone and Salon called "Deadly Immunity" claiming government health agencies colluded with big pharma to hide the dangers of vaccines.

### 2005 January

2005-01-30 Evangelical Christian Nationalist and political activist David Barton was named by Time Magazine in 2005 as one of the nations “25 Most Influential Evangelicals”. He believes the separation of church and state is a myth, is a founder of WallBuilders, and is an author.

### 2005 December

2005-12-06 Stephen Miller wrote an article in the Duke Chronicle titled "Attack of the Secularist Scrooges" to push the narrative that people are threatening to ban Christmas.

### 2006 April

2006-04-01 A research study was done on Fox News bias in 2006 and found that Republicans gain points in districts that broadcast Fox News.

### 2006 October

2006-10-10 Stephen Miller wrote in the Duke Chronicle "Affirmative action places a false and pernicious label on every black person in our country as being part of a special class of people needing special assistance. It advances students beyond their levels of academic preparation and, in condescendingly lowering the bar for millions of people, so too lowers motivation and achievement”. 

2006-10-10 Stephen Miller takes issue with Women’s Studies. In a Duke Chronicle article, he wrote "Women's Studies…seems to be an effort to indoctrinate students in radical feminism". He wrote a lot of racist stuff too.

### 2007
During an interview with Fox and Friends, Stephen Miller claimed universities were censoring content when they refused to run an ad for **www.terrorismawareness.org**, a site which touted claims such as “Muslims have problems living peacefully with their neighbors". An AI overview gives context that he allegedly "used the initiative to link Muslims and Arabs with terrorists". 

### 2007 February

2007-02-25 In a Duke Chronicle article, Stephen Miller wrote "..majority of whites in America are not racist…" and cited two rape cases, suggesting the white assailant was victim to a "witch hunt" while the Black assailant somehow received preferential treatment.

### 2007 March

2007-03-01 According to the book “**Hatemonger**”, Stephen Miller organized an immigration debate with Richard Spencer, who became a well-known white nationalist and invited editor of VDARE.com Peter Brimelow.

### 2007 May

2007-05-01 Trump tried to sell Trump Steaks, which didn’t last.

### 2008 March

2008-03-11 **Democrat** Geraldine Ferraro was interviewed on the Daily Breeze (Torrance CA) and stated, “If Obama was a white man, he would not be in this position. And if he was a woman (of any color) he would not be in this position. He happens to be very lucky to be who he is. And the country is caught up in the concept”.

### 2008 July

2008-07-01 Justice Samuel Alito – the person who helped overturn Roe v. Wade – took luxury fishing trips with GOP mega donors Leonard Leo and Paul Singer. Alito wrote an opinion article in the Wall Street Journal claiming ProPublica misleads its readers and that he didn’t have to report on the luxury trip. After the trip, Alito did not recuse himself from a case before the Supreme Court involving Paul Singer, or from a 2023 tax case involving an attorney who interviewed him for articles in the Wall Street Journal. It wasn’t until 2026 when Alito did recuse himself from an oil industry case due to a discovered conflict with his ConocoPhillips stock.

### 2009 January

Linda McMahon's educational experience involves sitting on the Connecticut Board of Education for one year, and she holds a degree in French.

### 2009 April

2009-04-13 Founder of PayPal and Palantir Peter Thiel wrote in an essay The Education of a Libertarian, *“The 1920s were the last decade in American history during which one could be genuinely optimistic about politics. Since 1920, the vast increase in welfare beneficiaries and the extension of the franchise to women – two constituencies that are notoriously tough for libertarians – have rendered the notion of ‘capitalist democracy’ into an oxymoron”.* Peter Thiel also wrote, *“…I no longer believe that freedom and democracy are compatible”.*

### 2009 May

2009-05-30 In 2009 Republicans pissed their pants over the Obamas attending a Broadway play, yet in 2025 through 2026 they took little accountability for:
~~~ list
~~~ JD Vance pressuring the Army Corps of Engineers to release river water for his birthday,
~~~ Kash Patel using a government jet to visit his girlfriend numerous times,
~~~ Kristi Noem spending $250M in taxpayer money to fund a selfie-campaign disguised as ICE commercials,
~~~ Trump destroying the White House for his ballroom,
~~~ The Trump administration stealing of SNAP funds from children,
~~~ The Trump administration spending billions and trillions in taxpayer money to fund an elective war in Iran,
~~~ Trump suing the DOJ and making taxpayers give him $230M,
~~~ Trump sending $40B in American taxpayer dollars to fund Argentina,
~~~ DOGE firings that cost American taxpayers roughly $135B,
~~~ Forcing American taxpayers to fund rich private schools while cutting funding to public schools,
~~~ Passing tariff costs onto American taxpayers,
~~~ Charging American taxpayers $125M to rebrand the Department of Defense as the Department of War,
~~~ Forcing taxpayers to foot the bill for a lawsuit Trump filed with the IRS and Treasury for $10B, or
~~~ Rerouting $8B in national emergency funds into building the border wall.
~~~
