---
layout: subcategory
title: 2010
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2010
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2010/
---

### NOTE

This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2010

This is the year podcasts increasingly referenced **the Great Replacement theory** in extremist circles like the 2017 "Unite the Right" rally. As an example of how dangerous this conspiracy is, the white supremacist responsible for the Buffalo NY massacre in 2022 bought into the great replacement theory; **it was found in his manifesto**.

During a Libertopia conference, Palantir co-founder and Trump mega-donor Peter Thiel explained **how big tech companies have a hand in taking over the vote**.

### 2010 January

2010-01-21 The Supreme Court ruled 5-to-4 to strike down restrictions on independent political spending by corporations and labor unions (see Citizens United). By allowing unlimited independent spending, “Super PACs” can raise and spend vast sums of money in pay-to-play schemes and even hide donations behind 501(c)(4) companies (for example, Turning Point USA is a 501(c)(4) nonprofit which can participate in partisan political campaigns). Even lobbyist Neil Clark was captured on a wire tap explaining dark money benefits for the GOP.

### 2010 March

2010-03-01 Ahead of the mid-terms, Sarah Palin's SarahPAC published an online map with crosshairs over Democratic districts. The post used the slogan "Reload".

### 2010 June

2010-06-01 Far-right activist James O’Keefe founded the controversial Project Veritas.
