---
layout: subcategory
title: 2011
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2011
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2011/
---


### 2011

From 2011 through 2019, Fox News repeatedly peddled that universities were paying $503K, then $3M, then $3B in funding to "watch shrimp on a treadmill". They failed to cite the actual cost being paid for out-of-pocket by the researchers, or that the research was used to study food safety and how much bacteria can end up in our seafood.

### 2011 January

2011-01-08 Representative Gabby Giffords and 18 others were shot at a “Congress On Your Corner” event in Tucson. Six people were killed, including a 

2011-01-11 Sarah Palin rejected claims that her political rhetoric contributed to the Giffords shooting, calling the accusations "blood libel." 

### 2011 March

2011-03-28 During an interview with Fox, Trump claimed about Obama, “He doesn’t have a birth certificate. He may have one, but there’s something on that, maybe religion, maybe it says he is a Muslim”.

### 2011 April

2011-04-17 Trump said he wanted to seize oil fields in Libya and Iraq.

### 2011 October

2011-10-20 Headline, “Marco rubio’s compelling family story embellishes facts, documents show”. The article discuses how Rubio claimed his family fled the Castro regime, however his parents entered the US via a commercial flight over two years before Castro overthrew the Cuban government.

### 2011 November

2011-11-11 Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez fired a semi-automatic rifle at the White House in an attempt to assassinate Obama. 