---
layout: subcategory
title: 2012
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2012
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2012/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2012 

The Trump Organization filed a lawsuit against the Scottish government for approving the European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre, calling it a “monstrous” blight on the coast. The case was lost in 2015, and Trump was ordered to pay the Scottish government’s legal costs.

Rush Limbaugh mocked the idea that poor families deserved high-quality food, saying, “Now it has to be the best”. According to AI in 2013, he called compassion for the poor a “part of a partisan agenda”.

### 2012 March

2012-03-01 Remember Rush Limbaugh? During a live recording, he had a message to women asking for birth control. He said, quote, “So, Ms. Fluke and the rest of you **feminazis**, **here’s the deal: If we are going to pay for your contraceptives, and thus pay for you to have sex, we want something for it. And I’ll tell you what it is.** **We want you to post the videos online so we can all watch**”.

### 2012 October

2012-10-18 Trump called the 2012 vote a "total sham".

2012-10-30 The right cultivated conspiracies that Obama engineered Hurricane Sandy using a secret military radio-wave system. Trump posted four separate tweets about Hurricane Sandy: "Hurricane is good luck for Obama again - he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars", "The polls & momentum are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!", "Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney -- people are rioting in the streets over gasoline", and "Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win - isn't that ridiculous?".

