---
layout: subcategory
title: 2014
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2014
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2014/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2014

The Affordable Care Act was fully implemented. This Act was designed to prohibit insurers from denying coverage or charging more based on pre-existing conditions, and to stop lifetime caps. It also mandated a standard level of care for insurance plans. For context, the Trump administration planned in November 2025 to eliminate Obamacare while Democrats opposed and pushed to extend ACA subsidies.

### 2014 February

2014-02-04 Rumors fly on Facebook that Obama ordered $1B in disposable coffins for FEMA detention centers in case of an American revolt.

2014-02-19 Google launched smart glasses.

### 2014 June

2014-06-24 The GOP repeatedly had hissy fits over Michelle Obama for her efforts to introduce a nutrition program in schools that would introduce fruits and vegetables.

### 2014 July

2014-07-23 The history of Hungary media suppression and spyware contracts parallel that of the US in 2025.

2014-07-23 According to online sources, in 2014 JD Vance wrote on social media, “But I’m not surprised by Trump’s rise, and I think the entire party has only itself to blame. We are, whether we like it or not, the party of lower-income, lower-education white people, and I have been saying for a long time that we need to offer those people SOMETHING (and hell, maybe even expand our appeal to working class black people in the process) or a demagogue would. We are now at that point. Trump is the fruit of the party’s collective neglect. 3) I go back and forth between thinking Trump is a cynical asshole like Nixon who wouldn’t be that bad (and might even prove useful) or that he’s America’s Hitler. How’s that for discouraging?”.
