---
layout: subcategory
title: 2015
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2015
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2015/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2015

McMahon was a megadonor for the 2016 Republican nomination process, donating $5M to the Donald J. Trump Foundation. Between 2015 and 2016, McMahon donated $1.2M to Future-45, a SuperPac which funded anti-Bernie Sanders advertisements.

### 2015 February

2015-02-18 Governor Greg Abbot and Ted Cruz held a joint press conference in Austin to question the Pentagon over military training. This was in the wake of rumors that Obama would impose martial law. In May Governor Abbot ordered the Texas State Guard to monitor U.S. military training.

### 2015 May

2015-05-21 An article for the London Review of Books suggested that the Bin Laden assassination was a lie and a cover up.

### 2015 June

2015-06-16 (context/timeline) Trump announced he would seek the Republican nomination for president. He officially became the presidential nominee on July 1, 2016.

2015-06-26 In response to the Obergefell v. Hodges same-sex marriage case Justice Samuel Alito wrote “I assume that those who cling to old beliefs will be able to whisper their thoughts in the recesses of their homes, but if they repeat those views in public, they will risk being labeled as bigots and treated as such by governments, employers, and schools (law.cornell.edu). He repeated what he wrote in 2020 in an address to the Federalist Society.

### 2015 July

2015-07-01 In an interview, Doug Wilson said that same-sex marriage was a more serious problem than supporting slavery.

2015-07-18 Trump (who dodged the draft) said John McCain wasn’t a war hero, stating, “He’s not a war hero. He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people that **weren’t** captured”. In March of 2019, Trump wrote, “So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier ot the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He & the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!”

### 2015 August

2015-08-03 (context) After the Paris Climate Agreement conference, Obama initiated the Clean Power Plan. For context, the US is responsible for almost 20% of historical cumulative emissions.

2015-08-19 Trump called for an end to birthright citizenship.

2015-08-25 During an interview, Jeb Bush said Trump’s plans were not grounded in conservative principles and would cost **hundreds of billions of dollars**; Regardless of his correct assertion, it is fair to note he also used the terminology "anchor babies" alongside his conservative constituents.

### 2015 September

2015-09-06 Stephen Miller recommended “The Camp of the Saints” book to Breitbart, which is a racist French novel about white genocide and the **great replacement theory**.
