---
layout: subcategory
title: 2016
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2016
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2016/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2016

In 2016, McMahon donated $6M to Rebuilding America Now, a SuperPac with the purpose of electing Trump.

A Cambridge Analytica whistleblower uncovered that data was harvested for political advertising, and **the Trump 2016 campaign used that harvested data to build psychographic profiles of users' personality traits** based on Facebook activity. In the oral evidence transcript dated February 27, 2018, Trump comes up 24 times and Cruz comes up 17 times when I did a search. The following year, Mark Zuckerberg testified in front of Congress and was fined **$5 billion**.

There were multiple allegations of multiple crimes involving Trump properties back in 2016.

### 2016 February

2016-02-16 After the Pope condemned Trump for "building walls…not bridges", Trump ranted the Pope would "wish and pray" that he (Trump) becomes president.

2016-02-24 During a speech in Las Vegas, Trump told the crowd, "I love the poorly educated".

2016-02-28 Ted Cruz called Trump is a "charming person" who “can turn on you overnight".

### 2016 March Black Lives Matter

2016-03-18 As co-founder of Black Lives Matter Alicia Garza stated in a conference, "we are expected to participate in democracy while receiving conditional citizenship in return".

I am posting the following dates of victims because there has been a lot of “white victimhood”, whitewashing, empowered white supremacy and blatant racism during the Trump regime, and I think it’s important to understand and respect why the Black Lives Matter movement is so important. These are just a small fraction of all the victims, and I can only guess readers don’t even know all the names listed here. 

(January 1, 2009) Twenty-two-year-old Oscar Grant was killed by officers in Oakland CA responding to a fight on a transit.

(February 26, 2012) Trayvon Martin was walking home from a convenience store while visiting a family townhouse at the Retreat at Twin Lakes. He was fatally shot by George Zimmerman who claimed self-defense and cited Florida’s Stand Your Ground law. Zimmerman was only charged and tried a year later after heavy media coverage and protest rallies. 

(November 2, 2013) Renisha McBride was shot and killed by shotgun when she knocked on a door and the homeowner thought she was breaking in. 

(November 2, 2014) A twelve-year-old child Tamir Rice was shot outside a rec center by a police officer. A grand jury declined to bring criminal charges against the shooting or responding officers, the DOJ found insufficient evidence to support federal charges, but the DOJ did find a pattern of excessive force. They settled a civil rights lawsuit with Tamir Rice’s family though they did not admit wrongdoing. 

(June 17, 2015) This was the date of the Charleston church shooting. The shooter was a white supremacist. Not only did the suspect enter the church and spend 45 minutes in worship with the congregation prior to his killing spree, he waited until they were in prayer before he began the massacre, firing approximately 74 rounds, and then told one of the victims “I’m going to leave you here to tell the story”. Dylan Roof remains on death row in Terre Haute Federal Prison in Indiana.

(October 20, 2016) Seventeen-year-old Laquan McDonald was shot in the back 16 times by a Chicago police officer. The officer was in jail for three years only.

(February 23, 2020) Three white men chased down and killed 25-year-old Ahmaud Arbery who was jogging.

(May 25, 2020) George Floyd was murdered when a police officer pressed his knee into the back of Floyd's neck for more than 9 minutes.

(October 6, 2021) Charlie Kirk called George Floyd a scumbag during a speech in Mankato Minnesota, adding that his death was not worthy of the national attention it received.

(May 14, 2022) A white supremacist walked into a Buffalo NY supermarket and killed 10 Black people and wounded 3 others in a racially motivated massacre. Investigators later found out his motives had a lot to do with him buying into the "Great Replacement Theory" conspiracy.

### 2016 April

2016-04-27 In 2016, 2020, and 2024 Trump campaigned against any wars in the Middle East and bashed his predecessors for it. He even claimed Kamala Harris would start a war in Iran if she had won the presidency.

### 2016 June

2016-06-12 A gunman murdered 49 people and wounded 53 more at the Pulse LGBTQ nightclub in Orlando (for context – these are the perils of inciting hatred against groups of people).

2016-06-16 Trump cultivated a conspiracy that Obama arranged a deal with Iran and ISIS to launch a nuclear attack. During an interview on CNBC, Trump stated, "No I meant that he's the founder of ISIS. I do. He was the most valuable player. I gave him the most valuable player award”.

2016-06-30 There are stunning parallels between the Duterte regime in the Philippines and the current US climate including a rhetoric of “war on drugs” involving extrajudicial killing, steady erosion of democratic norms, or using fear and repression to control people.

### 2016 July

2016-07-06 Trump posted a picture on social media of Hillary Clinton in front of a background full of cash and a Star of David with the words "Most Corrupt Candidate Ever". 

2016-07-10 Rudy Giuliani stated that Black parents needed to teach their children to respect the police. 

### 2016 August

2016-08-09 During a campaign rally in Wilmington NC, Trump remarked "maybe the Second Amendment supporters should 'do' something about Hillary Clinton".

2016-08-22 During a speech Trump said, “You could go to war zones in countries we’re fighting and it’s safer than living in some of our inner cities that are run by the Democrats”.

### 2016 September

2016-09-21 Trump reportedly said he wanted to take the oil from Iraq. He stated, “You’re not stealing anything. We’re reimbursing ourselves”.

### 2016 October

2016-10-01 Trump’s former attorney Michael Cohen paid Stormy Daniels $130,000 to stay silent about an alleged affair. In 2018 Michael Cohen pleaded guilty in federal court to campaign finance violations related to hush money payments.

2016-10-16 Trump planted seeds on social media that the 2016 vote was "rigged" and made unfounded claims of voter fraud.

2016-10-19 Most people remember Trump's "grab them by the pussy" comment. **Full transcript** loaded with derogatory commentary can be found here: (in subcategory Women – Assault)

2016-10-22 On his podcast, RFK compared Trump to Hitler.

### 2016 November

2016-11-03 David Duke and the KKK expressed their support for Donald Trump.

2016-11-08 Michele Bachmann and David Barton hosted "Election Coverage in the Spirit of Faith", which was organized by Kenneth Copeland ministries. Weaponizing faith for control in politics might be a sin.

2020-11-09 Here is the viral video of Kenneth Copeland’s maniacal laughter during a politically laden sermon. For context, Copeland is a Trump megadonor.

2016-11-21 Turning Point's Charlie Kirk created the "Professor Watchlist" so his followers could outwardly dox any teacher they felt was "woke".

2016-11-27 Trump asserted on social media that millions of people were voting illegally. Then he posted a second tweet making unfounded claims of voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire, and California.

### 2016 December

2016-12-02 The rise of the conspiracy theory Pizzagate spread on social media over a leaked email to Podesta “would love to get pizza”. The MAGA base concluded it was code for a child sex ring in which Clinton was involved.

2016-12-31 During his podcast, RFK warned that Trump will try to eliminate environmental protections including things like safe water.
