---
layout: subcategory
title: 2017
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2017
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2017/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2017

Trump proposed a 16% cut to NOAA's budget and deeper cuts to the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research. Both proposals were rejected by Congress.

Trump proposed deep budget cuts to the U.S. Forest Service.

Oracle CEO Larry Ellison donated $**16.6M** to the Friends of the Israel Defense Forces, a non-profit that operates fifteen regional offices in the U.S. and Panama. A separate post on X suggested he also donated as early as 2009.

Sources reported that Jared Kushner is close friends with Netanyahu and Muhammed bin Salman, and even though he is not part of the White House staff he has helped broker Abraham Accords. He has business ties with Saudi Arabia, and this is a huge conflict of interest that the US government has been overlooking since Trump took office his second term.

### 2017 January

2017-01-02 Trump started a social-media attack campaign on North Korean leaders.

2017-01-11 A journal "Scientific American" published a story about how RFK distorted vaccine science.

2017-01-20 The Trump administration considered using child separation from their mothers as a way to deter asylum-seekers.

2017-01-20 Within the first three minutes of Trump's first inaugural speech he planted seeds of doubt in the US government by saying “The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens”.

2017-01-20 Trump proposed budget cuts to the Minority Business Development Agency during his first term.

2017-01-20 During his first term, Trump repeatedly proposed budget cuts to the USDOT and the NIOSH (National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health).

2017-01-25 News outlets reported that Steve Bannon, Tiffany Trump and Steven Mnuchin were all registered to vote in more than one state.

2017-01-26 US National Parks began posting on social media in protest of Trump’s policy on climate change. This came after Trump signed executive orders to push forward with two major oil pipelines, archived climate change information to the obamawhitehouse.archives website and threatened to take down EPA websites.

2017-01-28 Trump placed a travel ban on six Muslim majority countries.

### 2017 February

2017-02-12 During a Face the Nation interview, Stephen Miller denounced Judiciary power, talked about immigration, and announced "a great rebuilding of the armed forces" with "unquestioned military strength".

2017-02-13 The USCIS raised the threshold for credible fear during asylum interviews, resulting in a high rate of denials.

2017-02-22 Conservative writer Rod Dreher wrote, *“…LGBT activism is the tip of the spear at our throats in the culture war”.*

### 2017 April

2017-04-01 Project Mavin is a Palantir-run system which helps the Pentagon pick bomb targets. 

2017-04-05 During a Congressional hearing, John Kelly acknowledged that illegal drugs from Mexico "**mostly come through the ports of entry**". It took until around August before some began to speculate building a wall would not actually stop drugs from entering the US.

2017-04-29 **Snake Poem** 

### 2017 May

2017-05-01 Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey led the investigation on the Russian interference case during the 2016 election. 

2017-05-01 The Criminal Consequence Initiative was implemented in Yuma, AZ to prosecute first-time border crossers and allow agents to separate children from parents as young as **10 months old**.

2017-05-11 Trump signed executive order "Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity". Trump tweeted out in July, calling the board of this executive order his "VOTER FRAUD PANEL".

2017-05-19 NATO allies needed reassurance that Trump had their backs after Trump accused NATO of not “paying their fair share” during his campaign trail. An article quoted Thomas Wright of Brooking Institution as saying, “the problem in the plan is that President Trump is the only president who has not yet explicitly endorsed Article 5. I understand that is not an accident”.

2017-05-21 The alt-right developed their own social site GAB where far-right figures and white nationalists could freely express their opinions and views.

### 2017 June

2017-06-01 Trump withdrew the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord.

2017-06-05 During his first term, Trump endorsed a proposal to remove 30,000 FAA workers from the federal payroll and **privatize** the nation’s air traffic control system.

2017-06-14 Not without Democrats’ share of political violence, there was a mass shooting at a Congressional baseball game in Virginia targeting Republicans.

### 2017 July

2017-07-06 Trump complained that the US had been pouring too much money into NATO, even claiming that “massive amounts of money is owed” back to the US.  Context: The US receives global presence, economics (a higher GDP than all allies combined), technological investment, and essential capabilities like satellites. 

### 2017 August

2017-08-11 (Keeping in mind these groups align with and support Trump) There was an organized **Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville**. One of the Nazis **deliberately charged his car into a crowd** of counter protesters, killing a 32-year-old woman.

2017-08-15 Trump called the far-right activists who attended the Unite the Right rally "very fine people".

2017-08-15 David Duke submitted a social media post thanking Trump for his **kind words about the protesters at the Unite the Right rally**. In his post he referenced ANTIFA. He wrote, “Thank you President Trump for your honesty and courage to tell the truth about #Charlottesville & condemn the leftist terrorists in BLM/Antifa”.

### 2017 October

2017-10-01 QANON was birthed on social media via 4Chan when an anonymous user posted a series of messages, then signed off as Q and claimed to have “Q clearance”. This user dropped cryptic messages and pro-Trump themes and coined the phrase “Where we go one we go all”.

2017-10-01 According to news outlets, Larry Elder downplayed sexual assault allegations on Trump, calling the behavior “child’s play”. This was during his appearance on Fox & Friends in October, where he stated, “Harvey Weinstein has had now – I think it’s over 30 accusations of sexual assault, including five accusations of rape. Whatever Donald Trump has done is child’s play compared to this”.

2017-10-01 Andrew Tate was banned from Twitter for saying women needed to “bear responsibility” for being sexually assaulted. Several videos have been taken down about comments made by Andrew Tate, such as 18-year-old women are more attractive than women in their 20s because “they’ve been through less dick”, that women should not be allowed to drive, and female self-defense is “bullshit”. 

### 2017 November

2017-11-24 The Trump administration attempted to dismantle the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in 2017.

### 2017 December

2017-12-06 Trump moved the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.

2017-12-22 Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, later renaming it the Trump Tax. According to AI, this legislation widened the deficit in Trump's first term. According to one article, the billionaire “boom” was 120%.

