---
layout: subcategory
title: 2018
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2018
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2018/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2018 

The Trump administration attempted to eliminate the Joint Fire Science Program entirely, which supports research on fire prevention and management.

The publication “A Short History of the Department of State” was retired.

Trump instituted a multitude of bans, including for asylum, transit, safe third-country arrangements, and return to Mexico - blocking all migrants from US protection.

### 2018 January

2018-01-11 Trump denounced countries like Haiti, El Salvador, and certain African nations as “shithole” countries during a meeting and complained that the US didn’t receive more immigrants from what he considered better countries like Norway.

2018-01-12 Trump referred to African countries Haiti and El Salvador as **shithole** nations, and during an Oval Office meeting stated that Haitian immigrants “all have AIDS”.

2018-01-17 Apple announced it would invest $350B in the U.S. economy over the next 5 years.

2018-01-25 More people began to question the infrastructure planning of the border wall.

2018-01-30 Steve Bannon said to Michael Lewis “The Democrats don’t matter. The real opposition is the media. And the way to deal with them is to flood the zone with shit”.

2018-01-30 Steve Bannon said to Michael Lewis “The Democrats don’t matter. The real opposition is the media. And the way to deal with them is to flood the zone with shit”.

### 2018 February

2018-02-01 The Trump administration proposed $183M in cuts to Conservation Technical Assistance, which was designed to fund a part of the USDA called National Resources Conservation Service that helped farmers implement conservation practices.

2018-02-16 After Lebron James and Kevin Durant publicly expressed their views about the state of the U.S. under Trump's leadership Laura Ingraham of Fox News personally attacked Lebron James, telling him he had no business in the political arena and that he should "shut up and dribble". 

2018-02-18 Trump sent out a hate post about Oprah Winfrey.

### 2018 March

2018-03-01 Trump imposed tariffs on foreign steel and aluminum from China.

2018-03-06 Mike Lee opposed use of emergency powers for tariffs, citing constitutional concerns.

2018-03-08 MIT conducted a study showing that social media was designed to spread lies six times faster and is incentivized to go viral when laced with anger, fear or hate.

2018-03-08 A Floridian middle-school social studies teacher was pulled after the school discovered her white supremacist podcast. They are everywhere, even amongst our children in our schools.


2018-03-14 The Heritage Foundation published an article calling for the repeal of NEPA, which is the National Environmental Policy Act requiring federal agencies to assess the environmental effects of public works projects. The article reads, “On February 12, 2018, the Trump administration unveiled a $1.5 trillion initiative to repair the nation’s roads, bridges, airports and railways. The first step should be to reduce the regulatory barriers that impede infrastructure projects and vastly inflate their costs”.

### 2018 April

2018-04-01 By April 2018, the U.S. entered a trade war with China.

### 2018 May

2018-05-06 Attorney General Jeff Sessions directed federal prosecutors to immediately adopt a zero-tolerance policy at the border.

2018-05-08 Pope Francis warned people not to enter dialogue with the devil, calling the devil "The Great Liar".

2018-05-08 Trump withdrew from the Iran Nuclear Deal (JCPOA).

### 2018 June

2018-06-19 Under the first Trump administration the U.S. withdrew from the UN Human Rights Council. Secretary Pompeo called the council “a poor defender of human rights”, accused it of allowing authoritarian government in its membership, claimed unfair election processes, and claimed bias against Israel. The UN representative at the time Nikki Haley also made her remarks.

2018-06-21 During her visit to the New Hope Children’s Shelter in McAllen, TX for migrant children, Melania Trump wore a jacket with the embroidered message, “I really don’t care, do you?”.

### 2018 August

2018-08-31 The Trump administration eliminated funding during its first term to the United Nations Palestinian refugee agency.

### 2018 October

2018-10-02 Trump ignored the fact that Saudi journalist and Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi was murdered inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Turkey.

2018-10-06 Trump heckled ABC reporters.’

2018-10-23 Fox news host Megyn Kelly had to publicly apologize for insensitive comments she made about black face.

### 2018 November

2018-11-01 Marjorie Taylor Greene posted her theory on social media that California wildfires were started by "space solar generators". The post has since been deleted.

2018-11-05 Just before the midterms, Trump planted more seeds of doubt on social media, "Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law".

2018-11-07 Trump heckled ABC reporters.

2018-11-07 During a statement in the White House, Trump used the language "invasion" when referring to immigration at the border. It is important to keep this in mind because **Habeas Corpus has a suspension clause dependent upon any “rebellion or invasion”**.

### 2018 December

2018-12-15 Tucker Carlson said on his show that immigrants make our country “dirtier” and “poorer”.
