---
layout: subcategory
title: 2019
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2019
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2019/
---

### 2019 January

2019-01-08 Trump claimed again his $5.7B border wall project would be paid for by Mexico. 


### 2019 February

2019-02-01 Republicans launched an anti-gay smear campaign against Pete Buttigieg.

2019-02-15 Trump declared a national emergency so he could redirect $8 billion dollars away from military construction and treasury funds towards building the border wall, and the ACLU sued.

2019-02-28 Fox News published an article claiming that the Trump administration spearheaded an initiative to end criminalization of homosexuality worldwide. They also claimed in that article that LGBTQ+ groups called it a stunt and were skeptical.

### 2019 March

2019-03-01 Marjorie Taylor Greene confronted and harassed Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg and promoted claims that he was funded by George Soros

2019-03-12 Trump cut $1B in budget grants to USDOT transit during his first term.

### 2019 April

2019-04-01 Right wing operatives Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman paid for a robocall campaign in New York to suppress the Black vote.

### 2019 May

2019-05-06 Laura Loomer cried and screamed on InfoWars over her Facebook ban.

2019-05-10 Ronald Hardin Greene was arrested by Louisiana State Police, repeatedly beaten, shackled, tazed, and denied medical care. He died before reaching the hospital.

### 2019 June

2019-06-17 SCOTUS ruled that federal courts couldn’t stop states from drawing lines on a partisan basis and had no authority to resolve partisan gerrymandering claims (see Rucho v. Common Cause).

2019-06-27 Ohio House Bill 6’s “Clean Air Program” was viewed as a bailout benefiting specific companies, including FirstEnergy, which had dumped arsenic-laden coal waste in 2013.

2019-06-30 A memo issued by the USCIS attempted to strip away certain protections for underage unaccompanied immigrants, impacting their ability to access their right to asylum. In one example, the U.S. government was confining children alone in hotels for weeks without access to counsel or proper medical care.

### 2019 July

2019-07-09 Democratic leaders including Lois Frankel and Debbie Wasserman Schultz called for continued investigation into Epstein, including his 2008 plea deal, his death, and the handling of his case. The 2008 plea deal was negotiated by then–U.S. Attorney Alex Acosta, who later became Trump's Labor Secretary.

2019-07-11 Trump posted “I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity”. Then he launched his own crypto.

2019-07-15 Trump told four congresswomen of color to "go back" to their countries, even though they're from this one.

2019-07-23 DOH issued a notice enabling DHS to expedite removal of immigrants, making it further impossible for immigrants to know their rights before they are shipped back out.

### 2019 August

2019-08-21 Trump referred to himself as "the chosen one".

2019-08-22 Arkansas Republican Senator Tom Cotton pitched the idea of buying Greenland, some speculated it was after Russia forged a letter to the Senator, and the Danish Prime Minister called the pitch “an April Fool’s Day joke”.

### 2019 September

2019-09-10 Epstein died by suicide during Trump's first term. In 2026, reports raised new questions about missing video footage and alleged activity near his cell before his death.

2019-09-10 Trump publicly criticized former National Security Advisor John Bolton. 

2019-09-16 Trump faced numerous allegations of violating the Constitution’s Foreign and Domestic Emoluments Clauses by keeping ownership of businesses while in office, accepting gifts, and business entanglements with foreign officials.

### 2019 October

2019-10-18 Trump sued CNN for perceived bias about Russian role in the 2016 election.

2019-10-25 United Healthcare used racial bias in their healthcare algorithms. 

### 2019 November

2019-11-01 Sean Duffy was a lobbyist for Partnership for Fair and Open Skies.

2019-11-04 Approximate starting date of lawsuits between E. Jean Carroll and Trump for sexual assault and defamation.

2019-11-08 Rebecca Friedrichs asserted that teachers’ unions promoted socialism. She claimed during a Tucker Carlson interview that pushing for free lunch programs, healthcare, and emotional support is an attempt to replace the family with indoctrination and communism.

2019-11-12 Republicans launched a smear campaign against Elizabeth Warren.

2025-11-14 The Trump administration repealed a Biden-era law which was designed to compensate airline travelers who’s flights were delayed or disrupted.

2019-11-25 Fox commentator Tomi Lahren dismissed environmental protests as “tantrums,” saying, “I’m sick and tired of the crybabies.”

### 2019 December

2019-12-18 The House of Representatives impeached Trump for abuse of power and obstruction of justice. Trump was acquitted.
