---
layout: subcategory
title: 2020
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2020
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2020/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2020

Multiple sources reported on “Stop the Steal” leaders promoting false claims of fraud in the 2020 elections and organizing protests leading up to the J6 insurrection.

The book “Hatemonger” by Jean Guerrero interviewed Stephen Miller’s childhood friends, family members, classmates and teachers. They all shared their insight about his racism, hatred, and several accounts of him bullying Hispanic students. The book outlined an ominous statement he made, “**It doesn’t matter what the truth is, but how it makes people feel**”.

The TradWife movement took off on social media - predominantly among white, conservative women with money.

### 2020 January

2020-01-03 Religious leaders held a prayer circle during a rally in 2020.

2020-01-06 Trump ordered the assassination of General Qasem Soleimani, the leader of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards.

2020-01-08 In 2016, 2020, and 2024 Trump campaigned against any wars in the Middle East and bashed his predecessors for it. He even claimed Kamala Harris would start a war in Iran if she had won the presidency.

2020-01-17 Marjorie Taylor Greene went on a racist rant about Muslims and Blacks in a video.

2020-01-22 The Attorney General alleged that Trump misused inaugural funds.

### 2020 February

2020-02-27 Trump sued the New York Times for defamation in an opinion piece.

### 2020 March

2020-03-01 Pope Francis issued a second warning, telling people not to have dialogue with the devil, adding that Jesus himself does not enter dialogue with the devil.

2020-03-06 From 2020 to current Trump has made several comments about the genetics of migrants. In 2020 the Trump administration required Homeland Security to collect DNA from immigration detainees. In October 2024, Trump blamed migrants for having “bad genes”, adding there are “a lot of bad genes in our country right now” and immigrants entering the US illegally are “poisoning the blood of our country”. In 2026 Trump was interviewed on Fox by Brian Kilmeade. Allegedly he stated, “They shouldn’t have been let in. They’re just bad. Their genetics – They are not exactly your genetics”.

2020-03-16 During the first Trump administration and the pandemic the stock market crashed.

2020-03-18 When asked during a press conference why he keeps calling COVID the "China virus" Trump blankly stated "Because it comes from China".

2020-03-20 Trump heckled NBC reporters.

2020-03-24 During a press conference Trump falsely claimed that COVID would “disappear” by Easter.

2020-03-27 Trump signed in a $2.2T stimulus bill called the CARES Act.

2020-03-27 Apple released a dedicated COVID-19 app with screening tools, symptom checkers, and CDC guidelines.

2020-03-29 Trump heckled PBS reporters.

### 2020 April

2020-04-22 Trump heckled CNN reporters.

2020-04-23 During a press conference, Trump mused over the idea of injecting the body with disinfectant to treat COVID. When a reporter cautioned Trump not to perpetuate misinformation, Trump angrily backfired.

### 2020 May

2020-05-26 Trump made accusations on a Twitter post of alleged 2020 election interference. Josh Hawley reposted the tweet and added that Twitter was getting subsidized by the federal government for that interference in the form of "special immunity".

2020-05-27 Trump tweeted out that social media silenced Republicans. In that same tweet, Trump threatened to "strongly regulate or close them down" and started the conversation about totally eliminating mail-in ballots. He wrote, “Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that…happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-in Ballots take root in our country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery, and theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!”.

### 2020 June

2020-06-01 When peaceful protestors rallied near the White House at Lafayette Square to protest in the name of racial justice, the Trump administration allowed law enforcement to tear-gas protestors. The DOJ reached a settlement in 2022 for excessive force. Some news outlets reported that **Trump made inquiries as to whether he was allowed to order law enforcement to “just shoot” the protestors**.

2020-06-01 The online prediction market Polymarket was launched. It gained rapid traction during the 2020 presidential election and again in 2024. In 
2026 the prediction market users started targeting and threatening people reporting on stats they were betting on.

2020-06-01 Workers filed a class action lawsuit against the Trump campaign over a non-disclosure agreement.

2020-06-02 Dating back to 2020 and up to current, Republicans have repeatedly touted the conspiracy that George Soros is somehow funding left-wing protests or fomenting chaos.

2020-06-28 Mark and Patricia McCloskey aimed firearms at protesters during the George Floyd protests in Missouri.

### 2020 July

2020-07-02 The ACLU and a priest both filed lawsuits against the Attorney General & others for rushing the execution of Wesley Purkey.

2020-07-07 (context) Former political consultant Julie Kelly published a book, "Disloyal Opposition; how the *NeverTrump Right Tried - and Failed - to Take Down the President". Her bio can be found on docs.house.gov as file HHRG-117-JU08-Bio-KellyJ-20220121.pdf.

2020-07-24 The ACLU sued Trump over a new census order.

### 2020 August

2020-08-01 Right wing operatives Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkhman continued their robocall campaign, this time in Detroit. Both plead no contest to voter intimidation in August 2025.

2020-08-17 Trump continued to lean into allegations of voter fraud, stating publicly that "the only way we're going to lose this election is if the election is rigged".

2020-08-25 Kyle Rittenhouse, a 17-year-old at the time, drove from Illinois to Wisconsin with an AR-15 and shot three protesters in the wake of the Jacob Blake shooting. He was hailed by Conservatives as a defender of Second Amendment rights and was acquitted on all charges including first-degree intentional homicide. FYI, news outlets reported that Kash Patel tried to help Rittenhouse sue Biden and the media for character assassination even though he brought guns across state lines to a protest – then later in 2026 Patel admonished Alex Pretti for carrying a legal weapon before he was executed by ICE.

### 2020 September

2020-09-04 Trump called fallen soldiers ‘suckers’ and ‘losers’.

2020-09-15 The Abraham Accords were officially signed as an agreement between Israel and the United Arab Emirates. It was sponsored by Trump.

2020-09-17 Trump tweeted out that Biden voted for the Iraq war, opposed the mission to take out Bin Ladin, and oversaw the rise of ISIS. AT 10:43PM he wrote, “No one has been more wrong, more often than Biden. He voted FOR the Iraq War, he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden, he opposed killing Soleimani, he oversaw the rise of ISIS, and he cheered the rise of...”. He completed his tweet with a following post, “…China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America.”.

2020-09-19 Trump said he would give his blessing to a deal in which Oracle and Walmart would partner with TikTok in the U.S., where Walmart would purchase a 7.5% stake, CEO Doug McMillon would serve as one of the five board members, and ByteDance would own the remaining 80%.

### 2020 October

2020-10-13 After Trump retweeted a Q-ANON linked account promoting baseless theories about Bin Laden, a former navy seal involved in the operation that killed Bin Laden responded to Trump “Very brave men said goodby to their kids to go kill Osama bin Laden. We were given the order by President Obama. It was not a body double. Thank you Mr. President. Happy birthday @USNavy.”

2020-10-28 Trump handed farmers bailouts after farm sales were destroyed from the first trade war.

### 2020 November

2020-11-06 Trump supporters outside Clark County Election Department in Nevada

2020-11-07 In true fashion of a sore-loser, Trump would go on and on ad-nauseum about baseless election fraud claims, making threats to prosecute Biden.

2020-11-07 Trump made threats to prosecute over the Biden victory.

2020-11-07 As news outlets reported a Biden victory, Trump tweeted out "I WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!" and stated, "this election is far from over".

2020-11-16 Trump sued the Wisconsin TV Station over a political advertisement created by a liberal super PAC.

2020-11-20 Jay Bhattacharya was one of the authors of the Great Barrington Declaration in 2020 which argued against COVID lockdowns even before vaccines were developed. In 2026 he was the acting CDC director and blocked COVID vaccination reports. 

2020-11-24 During an interview on The Chris Buskirk Show, JD Vance said, *”…There’s just these basic cadences of life that I think are really powerful and really valuable when you have kids in your life. And the fact that so many people – especially in America’s leadership class – just don’t have that in their lives, you know, I worry that it makes people more sociopathic and ultimately our whole country a little bit less…less mentally stable…”*.

### 2020 December

2020-12-01 Online resources state that Jeanine Pirro contributed to voting system misinformation during the 2020 elections.

2020-12-15 After the Electoral College officially selected Biden as the next president, Trump posted on social media, "This Fake election can no longer stand. Get moving Republicans".

2020-12-19 Trump posted on social media “Big protest in D.C on January 6th Be there, will be wild!”

2020-12-21 The NAACP sued Trump over allegations to disenfranchise Black voters in Michigan.

2020-12-22 Dominion employees sued Trump for defamation.
