---
layout: subcategory
title: 2021
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2021
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2021/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2021

The current FBI director under the Trump administration was formerly a podcaster named Kash "Money" Patel and his podcast "Kash's Corner" is still on Spotify. The platform touts “whistleblowing”, uncovering “conspiracies” and unfounded claims of scandals. 
2021 The Children's Health Defense - chaired by RFK - published a book called "**The Measles Book: Thirty-Five Secrets the Government and the Media Aren't Telling You**", peddling the notion that the government was lying about vaccinations.

The author of "It's Good to Be a Man" wrote, "**Men were made to rule. They always have and always will**".

### 2021 January

2021-01-01 Unfounded claims were made that Charlie Kirk and Ginni Thomas funded transportation and encouraged attendance to the insurrection.

2021-01-02 Just prior to the J6 insurrection, Ted Cruz and a group of Republican senators publicly announced their intention to vote against accepting the electoral college results.

2021-01-02 During a phone call, Trump pressured Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensberger to find him 11,780 more votes.

2021-01-04 In a comment directed at officials who were not willing to overturn the 2020 election results, Nick Fuentes said on his podcast, "What can you and I do to a State legislator – besides kill them? We should not do that. I'm not advising that, but I mean, what else can you do, right?".

2021-01-04 Democrats introduced the For The People/Freedom to Vote Act but it was blocked by a filibuster in June. The bill included anti-gerrymandering provisions.

2021-01-06 J6 RIOTS - I have a separate section specifically for the insurrection. Multiple lawsuits were filed for damages and bodily harm incurred from the J6 insurrection.

2021-01-06 There is plenty of footage, articles, and pictures of the riot, including but not limited to insurrectionists demolishing the capitol, relieving themselves on desks, law enforcement officers being attacked. There is also final footage of an officer who died of a stroke 7 hours later because of the mob attack. Multiple lawsuits were filed for damages and bodily harm incurred from the J6 insurrection.

2021-01-06 People carried “Jesus is my Savior – Trump is my President” signs, even during the J6 riots.

2021-01-06 Jared Wise was caught on camera saying "kill 'em all". Trump later hired him on as a senior advisor to the DOJ.

2021-01-06 Following the J6 insurrection, some Republican politicians and right-wing social media influencers began falsely claiming that Antifa was involved. It also states Fox host Tucker Carlson amplified the "false flag" theory suggesting the siege was orchestrated by the FBI, and a year later the conspiracy grew into a "Ray Epps" conspiracy theory.

2021-01-11 The House introduced resolution 24 to impeach Trump for insurrection, but it failed a majority vote February 2021

2021-01-15 Attorney General Letitia James probed Trump's company for inflating property values on annual financial statements.

2021-01-17 An upside-down flag was spotted hanging outside Samuel Alito’s Virginia home, and an “An Appeal to Heaven” flag was hanging outside his second home in New Jersey. Both versions of the flag displays have been associated with ultra right-wing Christian Nationalist causes.

### 2021 February

2021-02-18 Media outlets reported that Ted Cruz vacationed in Cancun during the Texas winter storm power outage. During an interview he expressed remorse, stating that he just wanted to be a dad for his girls. However, he did the same thing again in July 2025 when he took his family to Greece while central Texas flooded.

2021-02-19 Reports indicated Americans were economically “battered” by the pandemic.

2021-02-20 Fulton County DA investigated election interference involving Trump, Rudy Giuliani, and others.

2021-02-22 Dominion filed a suit against My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell for libel.

2025-02-26 The family of a 6-year-old who died in Lubbock Texas of measles stated they stood by their decision to not vaccinate their child and believed their child's death was God's will.

### 2021 March

2021-03-01 Dominion Voting Systems filed a suit against the Fox News Channel and Fox Corporation for broadcasting false statements about their voting machines being rigged. Fox argued it was reporting "**pure opinion**".

2021-03-18 Trump was recorded saying the J6 rioters went because they thought the election was rigged.

### 2021 April

2021-04-14 Representative Scott Perry said, “What appears to them is we’re replacing national born American – native born Americans – to permanently transform the political landscape” in reference to immigration and **the great replacement theory**.

2021-04-15 Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin on Fox News said, “Is it really they want to remake the demographics of America…to ensure that they stay in power forever?”

2021-04-29 In a Tweet, JD Vance posted, “Universal day care is class war against normal people”. He also tweeted, “It turns out that normal Americans care more about their families than their jobs and want a family policy that doesn’t shunt their kids into crap daycare so they can enjoy more “freedom” in the paid labor force”. ***see Thought Project section on False Dilemma fallacies***

### 2021 May

2021-05-17 Joel Greenberg pleaded guilty to six charges including sex trafficking of a minor and was sentenced in December 2022.

2021-05-20 A civil rights group sued Trump for referring to COVID as "**Chinese Virus**", "**China Virus**", "**Wuhan Virus**", and "**Kung Flu Virus**". Former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer tweeted out in frustration "Wait a minute…After months of being told it was racist to refer to COVID as a ‘Chinese virus’ the WP refers to its new strains as ‘British and South African variants.’ So you can use the name of the nation where it comes from, so long as that nation is not China. Got it."

### 2021 June

2021 News outlets reported that JD Vance promoted an indoor farming company that faced allegations of misleading regulators and investors.

2021-06-01 Texas House Bill 3979 was signed into law to restrict how race, slavery and current events are taught in K-12 public schools. The bill removed educational material pertaining to Native American history, Cesar Chavez, and Susan B. Anthony. It also restricted or removed writings of Frederick Douglas and Martin Luther King Jr. 

2021-06-04 Legislation was passed to require new automobiles to have a “kill switch”. It was implemented under the HALT Drunk Driving Act. In its most extreme form, it would allow government officials to remotely activate cars in the case of drunk drivers. Ron DeSantis posted to X, “The idea that the federal government would require auto manufacturers to equip cars with a ‘kill switch’ that can be controlled by the government is something you’d expect in Orwell’s 1984”. Rumors and controversies have spread, with many consumers worried that the function would be used for other purposes outside of safety or infringes upon privacy.

2021-06-06 GOP conspiracy theorists claimed Italy used military satellites to make US voting machines switch votes for Biden. Trump re-perpetuated the claims via social media in 2026 after he ordered the DOJ to seize voting machines in Georgia.

2021-06-17 The Supreme Court ruled in favor of a Catholic charity that wanted to exclude gay couples from the placement of foster children in Fulton v. City of Philadelphia. Justice Samuel Alito felt the ruling did not go far enough, writing, “This decision might as well be written on dissolving paper sold in magic shops”.

2021-06-21 Following false claims of voter fraud in 2020, multiple states enacted bills to make it harder to vote.

2021-06-24 An OAN host perpetuated election fraud claims on a broadcast and suggested that “traitors” who “stole” the election should be **executed**.

2021 July

2021-07-07 Trump sued Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook for banning him on their platforms.

2021-07-21 Fox News contributor Leo Terrell attacked Critical Race Theory in schools and AOC for defending it. Trump later appointed him to be Senior Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in January 2025.

2021-07-24 During "The Future of American Political Economy" conference in Alexandria Virginia, JD Vance asserted that **non-parents should not vote**. So, basically any woman who does not have babies.

2021-07-26 A news article quoted JD Vance as saying, *”…you can’t have so many people coming to the country at a time when our own families aren’t replicating themselves…”*.

2021-07-29 That same month JD Vance’s "childless cat ladies" remarks made headlines.

### 2021 August

2021-08-13 News outlets reported that JD Vance promoted an indoor farming company that faced allegations of misleading regulators and investors.

2021-08-22 During a Fresno campaign stop, Larry Elder told the crowd he would repeal COVID-19 vaccines and mask mandates.

2021-08-27 Larry Elder reported that he did not believe in systemic racism and called it a lie.

2021-08-29 An article quoted JD Vance stating he attributed ‘pretty much’ his entire career to (Thiel’s) mentorship’. Thiel invested in JD Vance’s venture capital firm and backed Vance’s 2022 Senate campaign as the ‘largest amount given to a single candidate in congressional history’ according to an article of The New Yorker June 2, 2025 ‘Curtis Yarvin’s Plot Against America’.

### 2021 September

2021-09 During an event at Teneo Retreat (presented by the Venverloh Family Foundation) JD Vance stated, *“I got myself into a little hot water last week, uh, because I made what – what seemed to me a plainly obvious observation that Alex Jones, the InfoWars guy, is a better source of information than Rachel Maddow, the MSNBC gal. Now, some people said ‘Well, JD, you’re just trolling’. Well, yeah, of course I was just trolling. But that doesn’t mean what I said is in any way untrue…the most important truths often come from people who are crazy 60% of the time, but they’re right 40% of the time…I’m very close friends with Peter Thiel. I think Peter Thiel is one of the most important sources of nonconventional truth in our society. Peter Thiel believes some things that are considered crazy by opinion makers. We have to get away from this weird tension we feel in our chest when somebody says this person believes something crazy therefore you must denounce them”.*

2021-09-01 During a presentation at Pacifica Christian High School JD Vance shared his contempt for no-fault divorce, stating, *”…and this is one of the great tricks that I think the sexual revolution pulled on the American populace, which is this idea that, like, well, okay, these marriages were fundamentally, you know, they were maybe even violent, but certainly they were unhappy. And so getting rid of them and making it easier for people to shift spouses like they change their underwear, that’s going to make people happier in the long term. And maybe it worked out for the moms and dads – though I’m skeptical – but it really didn’t work out for the kids in those marriages…”*.

2021-09-14 Nancy Pelosi introduced the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act which would require states with a history of voting rights violations to seek federal approval before enacting changes to their voting laws.

2021-09-16 News outlets reported that Larry Ellison allegedly offered Netanyahu a post at Oracle.

2021-09-17 During an interview on Jack Murphy Live, JD Vance shared a number of loaded opinions with listeners "we have to stop this nonstop assault on American history…making everyone think we should judge people by their worst flaws…" and continued to say very few leaders are willing to teach "true" civics and American history. He attacked CRT, ranted that “wokeism” was assimilation, and tied woke in with his own experience of being "assimilated" in higher education. He later called on conservatism as a counter-revolutionary force.

2021-09-21 Trump sued his niece and The New York Times for releasing his tax documents.

2021-09-22 During a radio interview on Dear Ohio while running for Senate, JD Vance was asked by host Curtis Jackson, *”Should a woman be forced to carry a child to term after she has been the victim of incest or rape?”* JD Vance responded, *”Look, my view on this has been very clear, and I think the question betrays a certain presumption that’s wrong. It’s not whether a woman should be forced to bring a child to term, it’s whether a child should be allowed to live, even though the circumstances of that child’s birth are somehow inconvenient or a problem to the society. The question to me is really about the baby. We want women to have opportunities. We want women to have choices, but above all, we want women – and young boys in the womb – to have the right to life”*.

### 2021 October

2021-10-03 In a video by Forbes, JD Vance suggested using funds as leverage to strongarm universities. He said, "hundreds of billions of dollars that we send to them (meaning universities) as leverage, and say 'unless you stop indoctrinating our children, unless you stop indoctrinating our entire society, you don't get another dime of our money’”. He continued his attack on education by accusing colleges of filtering out indoctrination into society.

2021-10-18 During Trump’s first term and after COVID, numerous suppliers blamed supply chain issues on higher prices and inflation. I haven’t seen prices go down SINCE those claims. 

2021-10-21 Westchester County investigated Trump for inflating property values on one statement and lowering those values on other statements to avoid taxes.

2021-10-27 Republicans rallied against teaching Critical Race Theory.

2021-10-31 Financial regulators investigated Trump's SPAC. Articles referenced topics like securities fraud violations and insider trading.

### 2021 November

2021-11-01 Check out Doug Wilson’s creepy flamethrower videos on his website.

2021-11-02 During a National Conservatism conference, JD Vance delivered a very long speech to the crowd, covering a huge array of different topics. One of the topics was his assertion that "we are giving our children over to our enemies" in the education system. He also referred to taking the "red pill" like in the Matrix movie, complained about subsidizing universities to "control" how we think, called Richard Nixon a great prophet, and called National Conservatism a movement.

2021-11-05 A Delaware county voting machine warehouse supervisor sued Trump for defamation after the employee received threats of violence.

2021-11-11 Heritage Foundation’s Scott Yenor said, “Every effort must be made not to recruit women into engineering, but rather to recruit and demand more of men who become engineers. Ditto for med school and the law and every trade…If every Nobel Prize winner is a man, that’s not a failure. It’s kind of a cause for celebration. Why can’t our celebration of male excellence in sports be translated into all facets of life? More successful men will mean more happy citizenry and a stronger nation…Such medicated, quarrelsome, and meddlesome women gain their meaning through the seeming participation in the global project. They are agents of the new world – but not new life. Such women are now the backbone of every left-wing cosmopolitan party in the Western world. From the Greens in Germany to the Democratic party in America. And if our ideal woman is a childless media scold or a barren bureaucratic apparatchik, there is no question whether we can have a future. We can’t. There is a question of whether we deserve one”. 

### 2021 December

2021-12-01 A conspiracy gained traction when conservatives like Lisa Hansen asserted that students who “identify as cats” were provided kitty litter boxes by schools. The conspiracy lived all the way through 2023 with multiple conservative leaders repeating the hoax on social media and televised interviews. By 2023 the hoax  spread to the UK, Australia, and New Zealand.
