---
layout: subcategory
title: 2022
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2022
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2022/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2022

Former political consultant Julie Kelly published a book, "January 6 – How Democrats Used the Capitol Protest to Launch a War on Terror Against the Political Right". Her bio can be found on docs.house.gov as file HHRG-117-JU08-Bio-KellyJ-20220121.pdf.

During Trump’s first term (2017 to 2021) a peak number of Americans chose the “van life” due to financial constraints. The number of Americans living in vans reached 1.9 million people in 2020 and reached 3.1 million people in 2022. Also, Berkshire Hathaway also owns three of the largest RV manufacturers in the country. 

PragerU announced plans to go "toe-to-toe" with PBS Kids and Disney. **The Prager-U 2022 Annual Report PDF**features conservative propaganda, such as defending children from widespread left-wing brainwashing, going toe-to-toe with PBS Kids and Disney, finding young talent and developing them into conservative influencers, rejecting leftist insanity - from CRT and picking your gender to learning to be ashamed of America, and A quote from Dennis Prager about changing minds.

PragerU announced plans to take advantage of the youth media landscape and go "toe-to-toe" with PBS and Disney. Their websites and resources are inundated with conservative propaganda that they intend to indoctrinate everyone’s children with.

Former political consultant Julie Kelly published a book, "January 6 – How Democrats Used the Capitol Protest to Launch a War on Terror Against the Political Right". Her bio can be found on docs.house.gov as file HHRG-117-JU08-Bio-KellyJ-20220121.pdf.

Dynamic (or ‘surge’) pricing worsened in 2022, affecting things like airline prices, groceries, travel expenses and ticket prices. The basis of dynamic pricing is to use algorithms to determine the maximum amount of money people are willing to pay for a service or good and exploit that data with the intent of squeezing every available dollar out of every working citizen. The dynamic pricing crisis expanded to digital price-tags and markups, removal of price tags altogether, and price surging at certain times of the day or week. The Iran war, Trump’s tariffs, and emerging “K” economy of 2026 may have exacerbated it.

Starting in 2022, Elon Musk made it so you could pay for the blue check verification on Twitter. Then they started having issues with impersonators from other countries and increased rage bait. Research showed a significant increase in hate speech on X following Elon Musk's acquisition in October 2022.

Stephen Wolfe (who has ties to Doug Wilson) wrote a book called “The Case of Christian Nationalism”. I watched and read some reviews across the internet. In those reviews, some readers cited that the message suggested ethnicities should not mix, empathy was a sin, women were a threat to the movement, and violence was justified. One article cited that the book was less Christian Nationalism, and more White Nationalism. 

### 2022 January

2022-01-31 This date marks the beginning timeline for the classified documents incident at Mar-a-Lago.

### 2022 February

2022-02-01 Nick Fuentes held his first annual America First Political Action Conference. Both news outlets and Wikipedia show that Marjorie Taylor Greene attended.

2022-02-15 Prince Andrew settled a sex settlement case to Virginia Giuffre.

### 2022 March

2022-03-02 Biden openly criticized the “Big Four” for manipulating the meat market. 

2022-03-17 Then Ohio Senate candidate JD Vance stated on Fox News with Tucker Carlson, “They can’t win re-election in 2022 unless they bring in a large number of new voters to replace the voters that are already here. That’s what this is about. **We have an invasion in this country**.”

2022-03-24 Trump sued Hillary Clinton and the DNC over Russia claims.

2022-03-29 Kash Patel published a **politically biased** children's book called "The Plot Against The King", featuring “Hillary's horrible plot” against Trump, fake heralds, and “Komey's spying slugs”. The book is a trilogy, in which a wizard named Kash helps King Donald defeat characters like Hillary Queenton and Comma-la-la-la.

### 2022 April

2022-04-05 In a JD Vance campaign commercial as an ‘America First Conservative’, he said, *“Are YOU a racist? Do you hate Mexicans? The media calls us racist for wanting to build Trump’s wall. They censor us, but it doesn’t change the truth. Joe Biden’s open border is killing Ohioans, with more illegal drugs, and more Democrat voters pouring into this country. This issue is personal. I nearly lost my mother to the poison coming across our border. No child should grow up an orphan.”* [approved by JD Vance. Paid for by JD Vance for Senate Inc.]

2022-04-10 Saudi Arabia invested $2B into Jared Kushner’s private equity company.

2022-04-10 The House Oversight Committee investigated a $2B Saudi Arabia investment into Jared Kushner's firm (Trump’s son in law).

2022-04-19 JD Vance compared Trump to Hitler.

2022-04-22 Kari Lake and Mark Finchem demanded that Arizona stop using accessible voting and electronic ballot tabulation machines for the 2022 midterms. They requested Arizona instead count ballots by hand. In October 2022, Kari Lake told reporters "**I'm going to be your worst****fricken****nightmare**".

### 2022 May

2022-05-01 Online resources say that Larry Ellison participated in a conference call after the 2020 election focusing on strategies for challenging the legitimacy of the vote.

2022-05-02 Brendan Carr posted on X, "President Biden is right. Political satire is one of the oldest and most important forms of free speech. It challenges those in power while using humor to draw more people into the discussion. That's why people in influential positions have always targeted it for censorship". 

2022-05-25 Beto O'Rourke was removed from the floor when he interrupted Greg Abbott during the Uvalde school shooting press conference to warn about the dire importance of this ignored issue. 

2022-05-25 During an interview on Tucker Carlson Heather MacDonald said the Black Lives Matter had a problematic narrative. She claimed we don't have a police brutality problem in the United States.

### 2022 June

2022-06-01 Director Justin Folk produced titled “What is a Woman” starring conservative Matt Walsh.  In Walsh’s speech, he accused schoolboards who allowed gender identity of child abuse, preying upon impressionable children and indoctrination.

2022-06-06 The House Oversight Committee investigated Trump over foreign gifts totaling more than $250,000.

2022-06-08 Suspect Nicholas Roske turned herself in for an assassination attempt on Brett Kavanaugh and pleaded guilty in April 2025 as Sophie Roske.

2022-06-09 A public hearing was held to investigate the insurrection. A list of key witnesses can be found at the link below (in subsection J-6)

2022-06-23 After NYSRPA v. Bruen The Federalist Society helped to expand public carry rights. Context: According to some sources, The Federalist Society is a financial backer of Project 2025.

2022-06-24 When the courts overturned Roe v. Wade Justice Samuel Alito asserted that abortion didn’t have anything to do with gender equity, argued that abortion wasn’t an economic issue, and claimed that “women are not without electoral or political power”, contradicting evidence of racial divide, demographic disparities, and sometimes women having no power because they are not given agency in circumstances of abuse.

2022-06-24 After the Trump administration overturned Roe v. Wade, the ability to ban contraception was returned to the States. This left several health organizations afraid to offer contraception for fear of breaking the law. One Attorney General nominee even compared birth control to fentanyl. 

### 2022 July

2022-07-15 Andrew Tate said, “If I have responsibility over her then I must have a degree of authority. You can’t be responsible for a dog if it doesn’t obey you”.

### 2022 August

2022-08-08 The FBI seized more than 11,000 government documents  at Mar-a-Lago. The case was dropped February 10, 2025 after Republicans took control of the House.

2022-08-11 After the pandemic catalyzed a chip shortage, Biden signed a $53B CHIPS Act into law.

2022-08-13 During his podcast "Unfiltered with Dan Bongino" Bongino made unfounded claims about the FBI, called liberals dip wads, brought up the Hunter Biden laptop, accused Comey of FBI entrapment and corruption, denounced the Mar-a-Lago classified document investigation as the "final straw" and spewed general vitriol.

2022-08-19 **Amber Nicole Thurman died at the age of 28.** She passed away from preventable septic shock and retained products of conception following a medication abortion, with delays in receiving necessary medical care contributing to her death. The care was delayed because when she showed up at Piedmont Henry Hospital for a routine D&C to remove fetal tissue from her body that hadn’t been expelled, she was denied immediate treatment **because her State had made performing the procedure a felony.** Doctors would have been prosecuted for up to a decade in prison. She waited 20 hours in a hospital bed while providers monitored her blood pressure sinking and organ failure before they operated, but by then it was too late. **During a forum with Fox News on women’s issues, Trump was asked, ”…Amber Thurman’s family have come out on a press call and they’re doing what’s called a prebuttal to our town hall right now…” to which Trump replied ”…Oh that’s nice. We’ll get better ratings, I promise.”***

### 2022 September

2022-09-01 The Karoline Leavitt “hoe-bag ad” (as deemed by social media).


### 2022 October

2022-10-01 Starting in 2022, Elon Musk made it so you could pay for the blue check verification on Twitter. Then they started having issues with impersonators from other countries and increased rage bait. Research showed a significant increase in hate speech on X following Elon Musk's acquisition in October 2022. Remember: rage bait sells. 

2022-10-04 Trump sued CNN for defamation.

2022-10-12 In his podcast, Charlie Kirk told his listeners not to support the rank-choice voting system. He also told his viewers that empathy is a “new age term” and does a “lot of damage”.

2022-10-22 According to several news articles, Oath Keepers members testified about a cache of weapons stashed at a hotel for potential Jan 6 violence.

2022-10-28 Paul Pelosi was brutally attacked in his home with a hammer by David DePape.

2022-10-28 Charlie Kirk responded to the Pelosi attack on his podcast by saying, "…why is the Conservative movement to blame for gay schizophrenic nudists that are hemp jewelry makers breaking into somebody's home…" and then urged a "brave patriot" to post bail for the suspect.

### 2022 November

2022-11-21 Elon Musk reinstated Andrew and Tristan Tate social media accounts from which they were previously banned for hate speech. One article explains how the Tate  brothers face charges of rape, human trafficking, trafficking of minors, and sex with a minor. Another article cites comments made by Andrew Tate where he said women should “bear responsibility” for being sexually assaulted.

2022-11-24 Russia suppressed the media, same as the US started doing in 2025.

2022-11-25 Trump dined with Nick Fuentes.

### 2022 December

2022-12-03 Trump continued to post false claims that the 2020 election results were a massive fraud and allowed termination of Constitution rules.

2022-12-03 Trump claimed on social media that the election results were a massive fraud and allows for termination of rules found in the Constitution. He wrote, “So, with the revelation of MASSIVE & WIDESPREAD FRAUD & DECEPTION in working closely with Big Tech Companies, the DNC, & the Democrat Parter, do you throw the Presidential Election Results of 2020 OUT and declare the RIGHTFUL WINNER, or do you have a NEW ELECTION? A Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution. Our great “Founders” did not want, and would not condone, False & Fraudulent Elections!”.

2022-12-06 Trump's company was found guilty of criminal tax fraud.

2022-12-15 Trump launched his own NFT.

2022-12-31 News outlets reported on concerns about Pete Hegseth’s temperance, exploring the numerous times he was caught drinking, drunk, or in front of a liquor stash.
