---
layout: subcategory
title: 2023
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2023
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2023/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2023

Concerns of inflated food prices left consumers wondering why prices remained high post-pandemic. Some articles suggested companies were rolling back prices, some suggested price gouging in place of inflation, and some reported the simple economics of price setting.

Manosphere, incels and online misogyny.

### 2023 January

2023-01-30 Trump sued the publisher of Simon & Schuster and Paramount Global for selling an audiobook containing tapes of Trump interviews.

### 2023 February

2023-02-08 Republican Governor of Arkansas Sarah Huckabee Sanders stated, "the choice is between normal or crazy", accused the Biden administration of "woke fantasies" and asserted that Republicans "are under attack in a left-wing culture war we didn't start".

2023-02-08 During a State of the Union address, Biden was booed and heckled after he warned that Republicans would make cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.

### 2023 March

2023-03-03 The J6 Prison Choir debuted for the first time, and their recording featured Donald Trump reciting the pledge of allegiance, which he recorded by phone from his Mar-a-Lago estate.

2023-03-03 In a news story out of Tennessee Ken Peters of Patriot Church offered harsh words for planned parenthood and transgenders, but gentle sentiment for the Proud Boys.

2023-03-04 A CNN article listed the 53 times Trump promised he would end the war between Russia and the Ukraine within 24 hours.

2023-03-17 Project Veritas is a far-right group started by James O’Keefe. They are notorious for going undercover to produce gotcha video material of their political and media foes. 

2023-03-30 A Manhattan grand jury indicted Trump on state charges of falsifying business records.

### 2023 April

2023-04-05 At the Salt Lake City campus of Awaken Church, Charlie Kirk said having a few gun deaths is a prudent price to pay for the Second Amendment.

2023-04-09 Marjorie Taylor Greene openly embraced the Great Replacement Theory during a rally.

2023-04-12 Trump sued Michael Cohen over alleged attorney-client relationship violations but then later dropped the charges around October. FYI Michael Cohen testified before a Manhattan Grand Jury in the Trump hush-money trial.

2023-04-24 News outlets reported that the Florida Surgeon General **allegedly altered key findings** of a COVID study.

### 2023 May

2023-05-03 HEADLINE/CNN: Tucker Carlson sent a racist text to a producer “It’s not how white men fight”.

2023-05-07 Hewlett Packard introduced subscription tier so users would be forced to pay a monthly fee to use their printer. One article explains that the “light” plan of $6.99/month only allows the user to print up to 20 pages from their own printer. The article also cites the company will charge users for printing “over” their allotment, and there are cancellation fees.

2023-05-11 Trump called the J6 Insurrection a "beautiful day".

2023-05-22 Trump sued the Washington Post for defamation.

2023-05-24 Several States (Nebraska, for example) had passed laws ***forcing taxpayers to pay taxes that would go to private schools*** for the elite. For context, if the richest people in the States were concerned enough about the quality of education in public schools or the safety of the schools that they wouldn’t send their own children to them, that leaves the question why more funding is being diverted away from public schools rather than  being invested in them.

### 2023 June

2023-06-27 Trump sued E Jean Carroll for defamation.

### 2023 July

2023-07-18 Michigan charged **16 fake electors** for Donald Trump. The charges were dismissed September 9, 2025.

### 2023 August

2023-08-14 Trump was a co-defendant in the Georgia election interference case along with 18 others; the case is currently stalled.

2023-08-23 Missouri introduced SB134 the "Vulnerable Child Compassion and Protection Act" which prohibited gender identity or the acknowledgement of it, and aimed to threaten teachers who helped students accept their gender identities.

2023-08-24 Mark Meadows turned himself in after a Georgia election interference indictment.

### 2023 September

2023-09-15 Lauren Boebert was caught on video at a Beetlejuice movie vaping, taking flash photography, and getting groped. After she was ushered out, she was caught on camera flipping off the staff.

2023-09-15 Starting as early as 2023, multiple articles have been published about an alleged open affair between Kristi Noem and Corey Lewandowski.

2023-09-17 During an interview with NBC, Trump continued to assert that the 2020 election was rigged.

2023-09-29 During the Benny Show, Mike Davis stated, quote, “We’re gonna put kids in cages, it’s going to be glorious. We’re gonna detain a lotta people, Seig Gulag.” 

2023-09-29 During an address at the California GOP convention, Trump mocked the Paul Pelosi assault.

2023-09-29 One of the Georgia election interference co-defendants plead guilty.

### 2023 October

2023-10-01 At least since the Gaza war, Israel reportedly launched a multi-million-dollar global propaganda campaign, paying influencers to say positive things about Israel, and funding tours for MAGA and pro-Trump influencers. In November 2025 FARA (Foreign Agents Registration Act) filed complaints against the Israeli government.

2023-10-06 NBC reported that Mike Benz – far right podcaster and later a close ally of Elon Musk who celebrated closure of USAID – pushed the Great Replacement Theory on his podcasts.

2024-10-07 Pro Israel groups including Canary Mission peddled conspiracies on social media that Columbia University student and pro-Palestinian activist Mahmoud Khalil helped plan Hamas attacks. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt also alleged Khalil distributed fliers with a Hamas logo. On March 8 2025 the Trump administration arrested him and shipped him to Louisiana.
2024-10-07 The Heritage Foundation developed Project Esther to “help combat antisemitism”, but some believe the façade of antisemitism is covering up the true attempt to crack down on activism, create censorship, control speech, and an effort to diminish humanitarian rights.

2023-10-16 The Daily Wire launched a children’s entertainment streaming service “Bentkey” to provide “non-woke” conservative views to children. An article in Axios quoted Daily Wire’s cofounder Jeremy Boreing as saying that Disney pushes all the worst excesses of the woke left. 

2023-10-23 News outlets reported that U.S. House Republicans are increasingly banning and censoring books in school libraries.

### 2023 November

2023-11-01 Following the October 7 Hamas attacks on Israel, U.S. lawmakers called for a TikTok ban, claiming the platform had an anti-Israel bias.  One article cites a series of posts by tech venture capitalist Jeff Morris about a “TikTok War”.

2023-11-02 In an exaggerated and exasperated tone, Lauren Boebert sarcastically mocked the federal bicycle subsidy program.

2023-11-09 Peter Thiel called the quest for democracy “very evil”.

2023-11-11 During a rally in Claremont NH, Trump compared his political opponents to "vermin" and that he would plan to "root them out".

2023-11-16 Mike Davis, while on the Benny Show, referenced children born in the US to non-citizens as anchor babies and stated, "We're gonna put kids in cages, it's going to be glorious…**sieg****gulag**".

### 2023 December

2023-12-02 During an interview with Steve Bannon, Kash Patel stated, "We will go out and find the conspirators, not just in government but in the media".

2023-12-05 Trump quipped about being a dictator “day one” during a speech in Davenport Iowa.

2023-12-06 Hannity interviewed Trump. Trump 1) quipped about being a dictator the first day only and 2) called J6 prisoners "hostages”.

2023-12-06 During a campaign rally in Texas, Trump referred to the J6 prisoners as “hostages”.

2023-12-12 Wandrea “Shaye” Moss was a Georgia election worker who was brutally targeted by Rudi Giuliani and other Republicans in the Trump campaign in a smear campaign of voter fraud allegations. She received multiple threats to her and her child’s lives, to include fear of being hanged outside her home.

2023-12-13 Ruby Freeman, a Georgia election worker, testified to receiving violent and racist threats against her after Rudy Giuliani and other Republicans spread false claims about her. She stated she received threats of hanging, received a flood of threats through her online boutique, and even had to flee her home for her own safety.

2023-12-23 Charlie Kirk **called Martin Luther King "awful"**and**"not a good person”**and stated, "**We made a huge mistake when we passed the Civil Rights Act in the 1960s**".

2023-12-27 Pope Francis issued a third and final warning not to enter dialogue with the devil. He passed away on April 21, 2025 after a visit from JD Vance.

2023-12-30 Brendan Carr posted on X, "Free speech is the counterweight - it is democracy's check on government control. That's why censorship is the authoritarian's dream…"
