---
layout: subcategory
title: 2024
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2024
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2024/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2024

Multiple companies listed “ghost” jobs online, meaning they posted jobs they weren’t truly hiring for. Companies did this for a number of reasons, such as to “get a feel” for future candidates, make current employees feel replaceable, or give off the illusion that their company is strong and growing.

### 2024 January

2024-01-04 After the shooting in Perry Iowa, Trump addressed the community of Perry by stating we would “have to get over it”.

2024-01-08 In a Truth Social post, Trump wrote "In @NikkiHaley's situation, reports indicate that her parents were not U.S. citizens at the time of her birth in 1972…" and asserted that she was disqualified from candidacy.

2024-01-19 During a Concord, New Hampshire rally Trump accused Nikki Haley of not being the right "timber" for the presidency.

2024-01-20 During a New Hampshire rally Trump claimed that European countries relied too heavily on Washington for defense spending and said that the U.S. was “footing the bill”. Politico reported that Trump told European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in 2020 that the US wouldn’t come to Europe’s defense if it was attacked.

2024-01-24 Trump withheld aid for California wildfires unless they agreed to two conditions: 1) enact voter ID laws and 2) release waters from a wildlife preserve.

2024-01-26 News outlets reported on a cascade of misleading claims not limited to immigration, the economy, electric vehicles, the Panama Canal, 2020, and January 6th. 

### 2024 February

2024-02-01 A NY State Supreme Court judge ruling found that Trump engaged in a scheme to manipulate his net worth and property values.

2024-02-15 The Creating Hope Reauthorization Act, which was introduced in 2024 to incentivize drug manufacturers to develop new treatments for children with rare pediatric diseases, is set to expire with no motion by the Trump administration.

2024-02-15 During an interview at Harvard University, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner called Gaza's waterfront property very valuable, stating he believed declaring Palestine as a State would be rewarding terrorism.

2024-02-16 Elena Cardone put up a GoFundMe "Stand With Trump" fundraiser for "unjust judgement".

2024-02-17 Trump launched his own Trump Sneakers

2024-02-23 In a speech at CPAC Kash Patel talked about the need for an army to help Trump take America back, fight the media, fight the “deep state”, fight education, fight the border, and propagate conservative values back into the ecosystem.

2024-02-27 Kash Patel posted an anti-vax promo for dietary supplements on Truth Social captioned "The only mRNA vaccine detoxification system" along with a purchase link.

2024-02-29 Republicans blocked the IVF bill in February 2024, making false claims that IVF would lead to human-animal chimeras. During an interview with Lila Rose in September 2025, **Emma Waters of the Heritage Foundation** also made a mention of how IVF could “**invite” birthright citizenship** if contracted out to the Chinese. It is recommended to watch the entire 45-minute video to gain perspective of the entire interview.
2024-02-29 Missouri passed HB 2885 to classify teachers as sex offenders for supporting social transition or for using preferred pronouns.

### 2024 March

2024-03-01 The phrase "Didn't Earn It" emerged.

2024-03-01(For context – just interesting comparison to anti-DEI) Around this time, the US Department of Education updated their FAFSA form to include more racial subcategories for whites.

2024-03-06 A news article reported about a podcast from this date where, RFK allegedly boasted about his friendships with multiple sex offenders.

2024-03-07 Katie Britt’s weird state of the union address.

2024-03-08 Trump called Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban "fantastic" while hosting him at Mar-a-Lago.

2024-03-19 Trump said he would only help protect NATO members from a future attack by Russia if its European members spent more on defense.

2024-03-26 Trump Media and Technology Group TMTG began trading publicly on NASDAQ.

2024-03-26 Trump announced the rebranding of the Lee Greenwood Bible as the Trump Bible, which are made in China for $3 each and sold in the US for $59.99.

2024-03-27 After the Francis Key Scott bridge collapse, numerous fake videos and conspiracy theories spread on social media. Some suggested explosives were intentionally detonated, some claimed it had to do with DEI, some suggested it was an attack perpetrated by Israel. News outlets reported several of these unfounded claims came from verified right-wing accounts on Elon Musk’s platform X.

2024-03-27 Governor Greg Abbott ordered colleges to revise free speech policies to target pro-Palestinian groups.

2024-03-28 Trump shared a photo on social media of a truck mural featuring Biden bound and gagged. In a statement, Michael Tyler said, "Trump is regularly inciting political violence and it's time people take him seriously".

2024-03-28 After the Baltimore bridge collapsed, Phil Lyman posted an unfounded claim that the crash was caused by DEI, writing "This is what happens when you have Governors who prioritize diversity over the wellbeing and security of citizens". He also shared a post from the Young Conservative Federation featuring a dossier of Karenthia A. Barber.

2024-03-28 Michigan State Representative Matt Maddock posted on social media during March Madness, "Happening right now. Three buses just loaded up with illegal invaders at Detroit Metro. Anyone have any idea where they’re headed with their police escort? @petehoekstra".

### 2024 April

2024-04-01 Mohammed Hatem of Palestine began posting his own social media content **@gym_rat_in_gaza** to show resilience amid war by bodybuilding. He has been displaced 13 times and according to a post updated October 2025 weighs 119 pounds.

2024-04-05 Governor Greg Abbott threatened Texas college students with expulsion for protesting the genocide in Gaza.

2024-04-06 News outlets reported on Rudy Giuliani comments that earthquakes were targeting communist states. He later defended his comment and scoffed that his critics had no sense of humor.

2024-04-08 Bizarre prayer circle on the Arizona State Senate floor.

2024-04-12 Right wing podcaster and Christian Nationalist Pastor Shane Vaughn said that Justice Jackson "**talks monkey talk**" and "**belongs in the jungle**".

2024-04-13 Trump made claims his 2024 trial was "rigged", called it a political witch hunt, and accused the Biden administration of using the trial as election interference.

2024-04-16 A judge admonished Trump for juror intimidation in the hush money trial.

2024-04-16 (context) News outlets reported that the **Bradley Foundation** handed out a lot of money to far-right groups in 2022 such as Turning Point USA, America First Legal, Conservative Partnership Institute, and America’s Future. For context, America First Legal waged a lawsuit against Johns Hopkins **accusing them of leveraging disparities on the U.S. census to help Black and Hispanic households**.

2024-04-18 During the Trump hush money trial, Fox host Jesse Watters publicly doxed jurors by listing their city of residence, birthplace, occupation, followed news outlets, marital status, number of kids, race, gender and any indication if they supported DEI. This followed a few days after a judge had to admonish Trump for **juror intimidation**.

2024-04-23 During an interview on Newsmax with Eric Bolling, Lara Trump stated RNC would have people physically handling ballots on election day.

2024-04-24 Mike Johnson called pro-Palestinian protestors "antisemitic", floated retaliatory measures of **cutting funding to the school**, and demanded the Columbia University president resign.

2024-04-25 Featured on a Steve Bannon podcast, Mike Davis provided his own red-herring fallacy "news" report in front of the Supreme Court during the Trump immunity hearing.

2024-04-26 Trump praised Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban again.

2024-04-27 According to a news article,36 of 84 people involved in a fake elector’s case were criminally charged, 10 faced a civil lawsuit, and 7 **remained in office**.

2024-04-30 Trump violated a gag order.

### 2024 May

2024-05-01 Governor Greg Abbott gave a full pardon to Daniel Perry, the former US Army sergeant who murdered Garrett Foster during a Black Lives Matter protest in Austin Texas in July of 2020. Prior to Perry murdering a protestor, he posted online “I’m going to go kill a protester”.

2024-05-01 During a rally in Waukesha Wisconsin, Trump referred to protestors as "radicals" and told his crowd to "save the universities for normal people".

2024-05-01 In December 2023 over 150,000 registered Republican voters in Florida joined others in signing to KEEP abortion access for women, making it more than 1.3 million signatures. Regardless, in May 2024 Florida banned abortions after 6 weeks, which is before many women even know they are pregnant because it typically gives a woman two weeks **at most** to know that she has missed her period.

2024-05-02 During a peaceful protest at George Washington University, Boebert tried to rip a Palestinian flag down from a statue, failed, and then demanded the crowd to take it down.
2024-05-02 Charlie Kirk posted on X, "Hate speech does not exist legally in America. There's ugly speech. There's gross speech. There's evil speech. And ALL of it is protected by the First Amendment. Keep America free." 

2024-05-06 According to a few articles, lawmakers allegedly admitted the reason they wanted TikTok banned was over pro-Palestinian content.

2024-05-06 Trump violated a gag order again. Trump violated ten separate gag orders.

2024-05-15 The North Carolina Senate voted to ban masks in public.

2024-05-17 During a U.S. House Committee meeting, Marjorie Taylor Greene decided to unnecessarily pick a catfight with Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett and make fun of the Congresswoman’s eyelashes.

2024-05-28 Speaker Mike Johnson hung an “An Appeal to Heaven” flag outside his office. The flag is associated with the Christian Nationalist movement.

2024-05-30 Trump was convicted on 34 felony counts of falsifying business records but received an unconditional discharge January 10, 2025.

2024-05-30 A nurse from New York was **fired** after referring to the war in Gaza a genocide during her acceptance speech for the compassion award.

### 2024 June

2024-06-03 The Trump administration issued very specific parameters for which bibles would be allowed in schools . As Oklahoma State sought bids for their school bibles, they found only the Trump bible met mandated criteria. After backlash due to the high cost of Trump bibles compared to the $4 versions schools could afford, an amendment was considered.

2024-06-03 Columbia Law refused to take down a Palestine article, so the board of directors **took down the entire website**.

2024-06-03 Billions of taxpayer dollars now fund private religious schools, leaving out religious minorities while digging into public school funding.

2024-06-05 In June Republicans blocked a bill designed to protect contraception access.

2024-06-11 (Even though) A national poll showed that 4-out-of-5 Americans **support** protection to contraception access.

2024-06-11 Trump posted on social media about bitcoin mining as the last line of defense against a CBDC (Central Bank Digital Currency).

2024-06-14 Republican Anthony Hudson posted a deepfake of MLK Jr. endorsing him.

2024-06-19 Valentina Gomez posted a racist Juneteenth comment on X attacking Black Lives Matter and reparations.

2024-06-19 Trump claimed that Joan Rivers voted for him in 2016, even though she passed in 2014

2024-06-20 News articles reported that convicted "pharma bro" Martin Shkreli claimed partnership with Barron Trump and are behind the new DJT Coin.

2024-06-22 During a Faith & Freedom conference in Washington D.C., Trump floated the idea of a "**migrant UFC**" fight.

2024-06-28 The Supreme Court threw out all charges on insurrectionist Joseph Fischer.

### 2024 July

2024-07-01 In July of 2024 Trump argued that a President has absolute immunity from criminal prosecution. In 2026 Trump invoked the 2024 ruling to argue for broad immunity from criminal prosecution regarding “official acts”.

2024-07-01 BBC investigated false social media posts and a viral article by Daily Trust claiming that a trade pact between the EU and Nigeria contained a clause forcing Nigeria to legalize same-sex relationships. In the same pool, a 2024 investigation by Deutsche Welle showed that American far-right Christian groups have been influencing and fueling anti-LGBTQ sentiment in Africa, including Nigeria, for decades - pushing homophobic misinformation and lobbying for anti-gay legislation.

2024-07-02 During an interview on Breaking Points, RFK talked about regulatory agencies in the hands of corporations and stated, quote, "When a regulatory agency becomes captured by corporations, it also functions to widen corporate power".
2024-07-02 RFK faced sexual assault allegations from a former babysitter.

2024-07-10 During a National Conservatism convention, JD Vance stated, *“…look, the thing on immigration is that no one can avoid that it has made our societies poorer, less safe, less prosperous, and less advanced.”*

2024-07-10 Since July, Republicans have been working to pass the SAVE Act, also known as the Safeguard American Voter Eligibility Act. The law blocks married women from voting unless they can provide a passport in their married name. Clarifying the SAVE Act: Trump had repeated that the only way Democrats would win the election is if they “cheat”, so he vowed he would stop it. That’s when he started pushing the SAVE Act, nationalizing elections, seizing voting rolls, and eliminating mail-in ballots. Voter ID is different from proof of citizenship. Americans show their ID, match it up against voter rolls, and register to vote. Some states’ drivers’ licenses – like Michigan, for example – do not show citizenship status. With the SAVE Act,  Americans (particularly women) would have to show proof of citizenship with a passport or original birth certificate in their original name (including married names). The new process is cumbersome, with the intent to kick as many people off voter rolls as possible.  

2024-07-13 (Context) Assassination attempt on Trump. After the attempt, someone built a Trump sculpture out of nails.

2024-07-13 Assassination attempt on Trump in Butler PA. Ryan Routh, the convicted assailant who attempted to assassinate Trump, later attempted to stab himself in the neck after being found guilty September 23, 2025.

2024-07-15 AR-15s were allowed at the Milwaukee RNC. Water bottles were not.

2024-07-15 The Grindr dating app crashed during the Republican National Convention.

2024-07-18 Trump promised he would reduce inflation on day one.

2024-07-18 During the RNC, Trump once again used the language "invasion" when referring to immigration.

2024-07-19 Elon Musk fueled the conspiracy DEI caused by CrowdStrike by responding to a Bright Network DEI banner on social media, "Not very "bright" right now, is it?". Interestingly timed, the conservative group America First Legal filed a civil rights complaint on CrowdStrike for discriminating against white males. Steve Guest posted “Equity is nobody in the world being able to get on an airplane simultaneously. Thanks CrowdStrike”.

2024-07-24 This marked the date that the federal minimum wage of 7.25 had been stuck at that rate for 15 years.

2024-07-26 A news article quoted JD Vance as saying, *”…the rejection of the American family…is perhaps the most pernicious and evil thing the left has done…”*.

2024-07-26 Trump told followers at a Turning Point rally that they **only****have to****vote this one time and won't have to vote again**, because the votes will be "**fixed**".

2024-07-26 Recall the childless cat-lady remarks from JD Vance in 2021? During an interview with Fox’s Megyn Kelly, JD Vance doubled down on those remarks, saying, ““Obviously, it was a sarcastic comment. I’ve got nothing against cats”.

2024-07-29 Mike Davis wrote on Twitter “We will build a special gulag for leftwing white women. The laundry ward”.

2024-07-30 Jesse Watters stated on Fox News that "**when a man votes for a woman, he actually transitions into a woman**".

2024-07-31 During a National Association of Black Journalists interview, Trump was asked about his racist commentary and attacks on minorities. News outlets also reported that The National Association of Black Journalists interview was delayed because Trump had concerns about fact-checking, which he later tweeted out blaming the delay on equipment.

### 2024 August

2024-08-01 Trump made numerous references to Hannibal Lecter at several of his speeches.

2024-08-03 Far-right activist Jack Posobiec’s book ‘Unhumans – The Secret History of Communist Revolutions and How to Crush Them’ refers to anyone on the left as “unhuman” and claims they “undo civilization itself”. This person also promoted the Pizzagate hoax.

2024-08-05 Footage surfaced about RFK confessing to leaving a dead bear in Central Park because he thought it would be "amusing".

2024-08-07 JD Vance spoke at the Shelby Police Department during a memorial service. There he politicized the officer’s death by blaming Kamala Harris for it.

2024-08-12 Trump used the Epstein "Lolita Express" to fly to campaign events.

2024-08-22 During the DNC, Tim Walz’s 17-year-old son went viral for his tearful sentiment over his father. The next day, several conservative commentators received backlash for their posts mocking Gus Walz who suffers from several diagnosed mental illnesses.

2024-08-23 Trump posted various AI generated memes on social media of Kamala Harris as a Communist along with messages that she will take us into a nuclear war and will never be respected.

2024-08-28 Trump posted on social media his release of Trump Digital Trading cards series 4.

2024-08-28 Missouri passed SB728 which is very similar to SB134, prohibiting encouragement of gender identity and requiring teachers to inform parents within 24 hours.

### 2024 September

2024-09-01 Laura Loomer claimed on social media that Marjorie Taylor Greene had “Arby’s in [her] pants”. The slander didn’t come out until August 2025 during a deposition against Bill Maher.

2024-09-01 Elon Musk reposted a 4Chan shitpost about autism.

2024-09-05 During a campaign rally in Mesa Arizona, JD Vance said, *”…one of the ways that you might be able to relieve a little bit of pressure on people who are paying so much for daycare is make it so that, you know, maybe, like, Grandma or Grandpa wants to help out a little bit more, or maybe there’s an aunt or uncle that wants to help out a little bit more…”*.

2024-09-05 During a campaign rally in Phoenix Arizona, JD Vance said, *“…There is a logic to what the Democrats are trying to do. It’s disgusting, but there’s a logic to it. They want illegal aliens to steal everybody’s job, and now they want illegal aliens to steal everybody’s vote.”* 

2024-09-07 During a rally in Mosinee Wisconsin, Trump reinforced the falsehood that children are going to come home from school with sex changes.

2024-09-08 Laura Loomer posted her "**the White House will smell like curry**" comment. During an interview, JD Vance refused to condemn the comment and misdirected the discussion away to unrelated topics.

2024-09-09 Ted Cruz posted a meme on social media of two cats hugging each other, captioned “Please vote for Trump so Haitian immigrants don’t eat us”.

2024-09-09 Trump reposted a tweet from JD Vance. The Vance post read, “Months ago, I raised the issue of Haitian illegal immigrants draining social services and generally causing chaos all over Springfield, Ohio. Reports now show that people have had their pets abducted and eaten by people who shouldn’t be in this country. Where is our border czar?”. Trump added "Border Czar Kamala Harris invited thousands of Haitian Migrants to flood into America and now a small town in Ohio is being torn apart because of what Kamala did".

2024-09-10 JD Vance posted on Truth Social "In the last several weeks, my office has received many inquiries from actual residents of Springfield who've said their neighbors' pets or local wildlife were abducted by Haitian migrants. It's possible, of course, that all of these rumors will turn out to be false".

2024-09-10 The Arizona Republican Party promoted and sponsored several billboards in the Phoenix area based on the Chick-fil-A commercial, but captioned “Eat Less Kittens – Vote Republican”.

2024-09-10 Trump accused Haitian immigrants in Ohio of eating pets during the 2024 debate, and ABC news had to fact-check him.

2024-09-10 During an ABC news presidential debate, Trump declared "I have nothing to do with Project 2025".

2024-09-10 Trump claimed the Harris debate was "rigged" and threatened ABC after their moderator fact-checked Trump’s claim that migrants were eating pets. Prior to the debate, Trump went on Fox News Town Hall with Sean Hannity and preemptively accused ABC of not being fair by saying "They're very nasty, and I think a lot of people are going to be watching to see how nasty and unfair they are".

2024-09-10 During a debate, Trump falsely claimed that Democrats support “after birth” abortions.

2024-09-10 During the presidential debate, Kamala Harris warned that Trump was trying to micromanage women's healthcare choices. During the debate, Trump even claimed that Democrats supported “after birth” abortions. 

2024-09-10 Laura Loomer and her followers circulated rumors that Kamala Harris wore a Bluetooth earring to the Presidential debate. The post was viewed by at least 6.6M people.

2024-09-10 Trump praised Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban during a presidential candidate debate.

2024-09-11 Trump accused ABC of rigging the Harris debate and threatened that ABC should lose their license.

2024-09-11 Trump was recorded on Fox News requesting preferred anchors for the debate.

2024-09-11 JD Vance doubled down on his perpetuating the nonsense that migrants were eating pets in Ohio. During a sit-down interview with Kaitlan Collins on CNN, he stated *“When you have a lot of people saying ‘My pets are being abducted’ or ‘Geese at the city pond are being abducted and slaughtered right in front of us’, this is crazy stuff. And again, whether those exact rumors turn out to be mostly true, somewhat true, whatever the case may be – Kaitlan, this town has been ravaged by 20,000 migrants coming in. Health care costs are up. Housing costs are up. Communicable diseases like HIV and TB have skyrocketed in this small Ohio town. This is what Kamala Harris’s border policies have done. And I think it’s interesting, Kaitlan, that, that the media didn’t care about the carnage brought by these policies until we turned it into a meme about cats”.* **[see Thought Project section in the main menu under ‘Fallacies’]**

2024-09-12 Springfield OH received bomb threats after the Trump administration made baseless claims about Haitian migrants. The Ohio governor had to bring in State Troopers and bomb dogs.

2024-09-15 During an interview with Face the Nation, JD Vance responded to Springfield bomb threats by saying he believed those responsible should be prosecuted, but then he circumvented the question by stating"… we don't believe in a heckler's veto in this country. You can condemn violence on the one hand, while also saying that there have been terrible problems caused by Kamala Harris' open border in Springfield. Now, you said that these are false rumors, but I've heard about a dozen things...ten of them are verifiable and confirmable...maybe all of these constituents are lying to me, but I would appreciate if all of the media showed up and did some real investigation rather than amplifying the worst people in the world".

2024-09-17 During a campaign stop in Eau Claire, JD Vance was quoted by a local newspaper saying, *”…we’re bankrupting…a lot of hospitals by forcing [them to] provide care for people who don’t have the legal right to be in our country…”*. Experts and economists both rejected Vance’s false and sensational claims.

2024-09-18 JD Vance funded **AcreTrader**, which led to the consolidation of farmland in regions with high-value lands and reduced competition for farmers. Some online media sources suggested that JD Vance’s firm would buy up American farmland and resell it to foreign investors.

2024-09-19 Project Veritas’ founder James O’Keefe wrote about Laura Loomer in the forward of her own book ‘Loomered’, “She isn’t wired like other people. It’s as if her brain doesn’t process information like the rest of us. She appears to be functionally immune to fear, to shame, and to embarrassment”. He kept her on at Project Veritas to continue operations for them.

2024-09-20 Trump launched an anti-gay ad campaign “Kamala is for they/them - Trump is for you”.

2024-09-26 Trump launched his own Trump watches

2024-09-29 During a campaign rally in Eerie Pennsylvania, Trump quipped “One rough hour – and I mean real rough – the word will get out and it will end immediately, you know?” suggesting that police should be allowed to be extraordinarily rough to deter crime and not suffer any consequences.

2024-09-30 After Hurricane Helene hit, Trump spread misinformation on social media about aid being withheld, "…I'll be there shortly, but don't like the reports that I'm getting about the Federal Government, and the Democrat Governor of the State, going out of their way to not help people in Republican areas. MAGA!" It is worth mentioning for context the North Carolina governor reached out to the Trump administration September 15, 2025 asking for Helene relief, stating that they only paid out 9% of what was expected. 

### 2024 October

2024-10 From 2020 to current Trump has made several comments about the genetics of migrants. In 2020 the Trump administration required Homeland Security to collect DNA from immigration detainees. In October 2024, Trump blamed migrants for having “bad genes”, adding there are “a lot of bad genes in our country right now” and immigrants entering the US illegally are “poisoning the blood of our country”. In 2026 Trump was interviewed on Fox by Brian Kilmeade. Allegedly he stated, “They shouldn’t have been let in. They’re just bad. Their genetics – They are not exactly your genetics”.

2024-10-01 During a Kendrick Idaho meeting, representatives claimed that **discrimination doesn't exist in Idaho**. When a Nez Perc member stated the contrary, Senator Forman told Trish Carter Goodheart to **go back to where she came from** and proceeded to storm out. Senator Forman is still running for the 2026 election.

2024-10-02 Special Counsel Jack Smith released 165 pages outlining Trump’s efforts to overturn the 2020 elections, involvement with the January 6 insurrection, and proof that Trump **knew** he had lost the 2020 elections.
2024-10-02 In a transcript of the Walz-Vance debate, JD Vance stated, *”…illegal aliens competing with Americans for scarce homes is one of the most significant drivers of home prices in the country”.* Experts and economists both rejected Vance’s false and sensational claims.

2024-10-03 Trump sent out another post on Truth Social in response to Hurricane Helene, "Kamala and Sleepy Joe are universally being given POOR GRADES for the way that they are handling the Hurricane, especially in North Carolina. It is going down as the WORST & MOST INCOMPETENTLY MANAGED "STORM," AT THE FEDERAL LEVEL, EVER SEEN BEFORE - BUT THEIR MANAGEMENT OF THE BORDER IS WORSE! MAGA2024".

2024-10-03 After Trump and other politicians planted seeds of misinformation about Helene recovery efforts, news outlets began to report hindered rescue efforts and an increased number of disaster victims not filing for aid because they’ve been told by conspirators that they will only receive $750 and their property would be seized.

2024-10-03 Marjorie Taylor Greene posted on X “Yes they can control the weather. It’s ridiculous for anyone to lie and say it can’t be done”. Her post was made in response to a discussion about small scale cloud seeding that debunked any alternative claims that Hurricane Helene was manmade. She later posted a map on X showing how the hurricane affected areas in conjunction with the electoral map.

2024-10-03 In an X post, Alex Jones helped push the conspiracy theory that hurricanes were manmade and accused the federal government of not stopping the storm.

2024-10-03 A Pennsylvania middle school installed surveillance windows in gender-inclusive bathrooms.

2024-10-04 The American Red Cross and the North Carolina DPS had to publish websites fighting harmful Republican rhetoric and misinformation about aid going into Helene disaster recovery efforts.

2024-10-07 Pro Israel groups including Canary Mission peddled conspiracies on social media that Columbia University student and pro-Palestinian activist Mahmoud Khalil helped plan Hamas attacks. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt also alleged Khalil distributed fliers with a Hamas logo. On March 8 2025 the Trump administration arrested him and shipped him to Louisiana.

2024-10-07 Pro Israel groups like **Canary Mission** peddled conspiracies on social media that Columbia University student and pro-Palestinian activist Mahmoud Khalil helped plan Hamas attacks. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt also alleged Khalil distributed fliers with a Hamas logo. On March 8 2025 the Trump administration arrested him and shipped him to Louisiana.

2024-10-07 The Heritage Foundation developed Project Esther to “help combat antisemitism”, but some believe the façade of antisemitism is covering up the true attempt to crack down on activism, create censorship, control speech, and an effort to diminish humanitarian rights.

2024-10-11 During an interview with the New York Times, JD Vance refused to answer questions about Trump losing the 2020 election.

2024-10-14 FEMA had to publish a "Hurricane Rumor" fact sheet to help fight dangerous Republican misinformation.

2024-10-17 During a campaign event in Miami Florida, Trump called January 6th a “day of love”.

2024-10-19 Musk hired people to canvas. Canvassers reported they had not been paid and were tricked into coming to Michigan by Blitz Canvassing. They also reported having to ride in the back of moving trucks.

2024-10-20 An article with The Cavalier Daily wrote about Bari Weiss & Mitch Daniels addressing the erosion of free speech on college campuses. It is noteworthy that Bari Weiss owns Free Press, which featured articles claiming starvation in Gaza wasn’t happening.

2024-10-23 Tucker Carlson gave his weird "daddy's home" spanking speech at the RNC.

2024-10-23 The NOAA had to publish a fact-checking press release on their website to debunk false claims about weather control.

2024-10-23 During an interview with All Things Considered, Jeffrey Goldberg quoted Trump as having said he needed “the kind of generals Hitler had…People who were totally loyal to him, that follow orders”.

2024-10-23 John Kelley issued a warning during an interview that Trump raised the idea of German generals.

2024-10-28 During the Madison Square Garden Trump rally, Kill-Tony called Puerto Rico a **floating pile of garbage**.

2024-10-30 Elon Musk was investigated for sending out partially prefilled absentee ballot applications from America PAC.

2024-10-31 Trump sued CBS and 60 Minutes, accusing them of maliciously and deceptively altering an interview with Kamala Harris.

2024-10-31 During an interview with Tucker Carlson, Trump called Liz Cheney a radical war hawk and stated, "let's put her with the rifles standing there with nine barrels shooting at her" and “let's see how she feels about it, you know, when the guns are trained on her face”.

2024-10-31 JD Vance delivered a speech at the Turning Point rally in North Carolina. During the speech he stated that J6 was **not** a constitutional crisis, but rather the **opposite** of a constitutional crisis and that Donald Trump was trying to challenge an election through constitutional means.

### 2024 November

2024-11-02 Brendan Carr accused SNL of evading the FCC Equal Time rule in an X post following the announcement that Kamala Harris will be appearing on SNL in the last episode before the presidential election.

2024-11-03 During a rally, Trump encouraged the idea of firing at the media by saying, “to get me someone would have to shoot through the fake news, and I don't mind that so much".

2024-11-04 In 2016, 2020, and 2024 Trump campaigned against any wars in the Middle East and bashed his predecessors for it. He even claimed Kamala Harris would start a war in Iran if she had won the presidency.

2024-11-05 Trump attacked Fox News for airing Oprah.

2024-11-05 Kenneth Copeland organized election coverage with America Stands, an organization which offers education on **how to vote** according to their biblical values.

2024-11-05 During an interview on Fox News Lara Trump stated they had to get their lawyers involved to get access to polling sites.

2024-11-05 Trump posted on social media, “A lot of talk about massive CHEATING in Philadelphia. Law Enforcement coming!!!”.

2024-11-06 Mike Davis wrote on Twitter “I want to drag their dead political bodies through the streets, burn them, and throw them off the wall”.

2024-11-12 Trump selected Elon Musk and Ramaswamy to lead DOGE. Three months later in February the White House claimed Musk was not part of DOGE, then in March the White House claimed Musk was leading DOGE. All the while Musk was sending out his “What did you do last week” emails.

2024-11-14 The day of the election and hours before polls closed Trump claimed election fraud in Pennsylvania.

2024-11-15 During a podcast promoting his book, Pete Hegseth stated "**I’m straight up just saying we shouldn’t have women in combat roles**”.

2024-11-16 A Level Man article reads “Trump, Masculinity and the Rise of the Bro Movement”.

2024-11-18 Nancy Mace pushed to ban transgender bathrooms.

2024-11-20 Trump launched the Trump guitar.

2024-11-25 In Pete Hegseth’s book The War on Warriors, he argues that the US should disregard the Geneva Convention constraints and abide by our “own rules”.

2025-11-26 The Trump Administration announced it would be ending deportation protections for more than 350,000 Haitian immigrants who fell under the Temporary Protected Status. A judge temporarily blocked the order February 2, 2026.

2024-11-29 News outlets reported that Pete Hegseth’s own mother wrote him a letter back in 2018 accusing him of being an abuser, then later defended her son and apologized for the letter December of 2024.

### 2024 December

2024-12-04 News outlets reported the killing of the United Healthcare CEO by Mangione was a "symbolic takedown" against outlandish medical costs and claim denials.

2024-12-06 The U.S. saw an increase in the push for raw milk products.

2024-12-08 During an interview with Meet the Press, Trump formally stated, "we are not touching Social Security" and "we are not raising ages".

2024-12-12 Trump named Kari Lake director of Voice of America.

2024-12-16 Trump sued ABC $15M for defamation - ABC paid out.

2024-12-16 A Human Rights Watch article analyzed the deliberate use of child separation as a deterrent, as well as citing stats that **1,360 children have never been reunited with their parents after 6 years**.

2024-12-16 Conspiracists touted claims that drones over New Jersey were a "deep state plot" against Trump to cancel the inauguration, calling it "Project Blue Beam". News outlets listed names involved like Roseanne Barr, Alex Jones, and Charlie Kirk among the individuals spreading the conspiracy. For context, Wikipedia has a biography of Serge Monast, who published “Project Blue Beam” in 1994 pushing the conspiracy about New Age religion and the antichrist.

2024-12-17 Trump filed a lawsuit against Des Moines Register Poll, alleging interference.

2024-12-18 Powerful CEOs and other megadonor billionaires met at Mar-a-Lago for a dinner party.

2024-12-22 Both in a social media post and during a rally in Phoenix, Trump threatened to seize control of the Panama Canal by force. He reiterated the threat in February 2025 warning of a “powerful” U.S. action.

2024-12-23 The House Ethics Committee released a report confirming he had been involved in illicit drug use and sex with underage girls.

2024-12-24 Elon Musk began attacking Wikipedia as “Wokepedia”. By October 2025 he created his own “Grokipedia”. This platform is like the alt-right “**Conservapedia” created in 2006**, which attacks science-based facts, homosexuality, and pro-choice. Online resources report that Conservapedia also peddles misinformation about the AIDS epidemic and conspiracy theories, among other topics.

2024-12-27 Algorithms are designed to survey consumer behavior. It may be important to consider why Trump keeps tech giants in his back pocket.  
