---
layout: subcategory
title: 2025
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2025
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2025/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2025: Rescissions 

2025-01-20 Trump signed an Executive Order to remove the United States from the World Health Organization.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded The Presidential Memorandum Withdrawal of Certain Areas off the United States Arctic Coast of the Outer Continental Shelf from Oil or Gas Leasing.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13985 Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13986 Ensuring a Lawful and Accurate Enumeration and Apportionment Pursuant to the Decennial Census

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13987 Organizing and Mobilizing the United States Government To Provide a Unified and Effective Response To Combat COVID-19 and To Provide United States Leadership on Global Health and Security

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13988 Preventing and Combating Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Sexual Orientation.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13989 Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Personnel.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13990 Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science To Tackle the Climate Crisis.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13996 Establishing the COVID-19 Pandemic Testing Board and Ensuring a Sustainable Public Health Workforce for COVID-19 and Other Biological Threats.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13997 Improving and Expanding Access to Care and Treatments for COVID-19.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 13999 Protecting Worker Health and Safety. This is very important, because larger companies have historically cut corners at the expense of worker safety. For example, Amazon had received backlash since at least 2011 for allowing warehouses to overheat, and in 2022 Amazon installed air conditioning in warehouses only AFTER one of their employees died from heat exhaustion. In 2024, OSHA found that the company still had not complied with AC installation and instead tried to mitigate heat exhaustion with an “extra 5 minutes” to employee work breaks. 

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14000 **Supporting the Reopening and Continuing Operation of Schools and Early Childhood Education Providers**.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14003 Protecting the Federal Workforce.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14004 Enabling All Qualified Americans To Serve Their Country in Uniform.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14006 Reforming Our Incarceration System To Eliminate the Use of Privately Operated Criminal Detention Facilities.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14007 President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14009 Strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14010 Creating a Comprehensive Regional Framework To Address the Causes of Migration, To Manage Migration Throughout North and Central America, and To Provide Safe and Orderly Processing of Asylum Seekers at the United States Border.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14011 Establishment of Interagency Task Force on the Reunification of Families.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14012 Restoring Faith in Our Legal Immigration Systems and Strengthening Integration and Inclusion Efforts for New Americans.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14013 Rebuilding and Enhancing Programs To Resettle Refugees and Planning for the Impact of Climate Change on Migration.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14019 Promoting Access to Voting.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14020 Establishment of the White House Gender Policy Council.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14021 Guaranteeing an Educational Environment Free From Discrimination on the Basis of Sex, Including Sexual Orientation or Gender Identity.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14030 Climate-Related Financial Risk.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14031 Advancing Equity, Justice, and Opportunity for Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14035 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility in the Federal Workforce.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14037 Strengthening American Leadership in Clean Cars and Trucks.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14045 White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity for Hispanics.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14049 White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity for Native Americans and Strengthening Tribal Colleges and Universities.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14050 White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity for Black Americans.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14052 Implementation of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14057 Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14055 Nondisplacement of Qualified Workers Under Service Contracts.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14060 Establishing the United States Council on Transnational Organized Crime.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14069 Advancing Economy, Efficiency, and Effectiveness in Federal Contracting by Promoting Pay Equity and Transparency.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14070 Continuing To Strengthen Americans’ Access to Affordable, Quality Health Coverage.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14074 Advancing Effective, Accountable Policing and Criminal Justice Practices To Enhance Public Trust and Public Safety.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14075 Advancing Equality for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, and Intersex Individuals.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14082 Implementation of the Energy and Infrastructure Provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14084 Promoting the Arts, the Humanities, and Museum and Library Services.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14087 Lowering Prescription Drug Costs for Americans.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14089 Establishing the President’s Advisory Council on African Diaspora Engagement in the United States.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14091 Further Advancing Racial Equity and Support for Underserved Communities Through the Federal Government.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14096 Revitalizing Our Nation’s Commitment to Environmental Justice for All.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14099 Moving Beyond COVID-19 Vaccination Requirements for Federal Workers.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14110 Safe, Secure, and Trustworthy Development and Use of Artificial Intelligence.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14124 White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity, Excellence, and Economic Opportunity Through Hispanic-Serving Institutions.

2025-01-20 Trump rescinded Executive Order 14143 Providing for the Appointment of Alumni of AmeriCorps to the Competitive Service.

### 2025: Project 2025 Pages of Evil
2025-01-20 In a section of Project 2025 “A Demonstrated Pattern of Bias", the publishing attacks NPR as leftist and tyrannical, and calls to eliminate their funding.

2025-01-20 Project 2025 Chapter 14 outlines a complete overhaul of the DHHS to include eliminating the Affordable Care Act and **encouraging more privatized systems** like Medicare Advantage.

2025-01-20 Pages 179 and 181 of the Heritage Foundation’s Project 2025 calls to take action against Venezuela.

2025-01-20 Page 246 of Project 2025 villainizes public broadcasting and calls to hand over independent media to states. On September 15, 2025 Republicans passed a bill to hand independent media outlets over to State department contracts.

2025-01-20 Page 303 of Project 2025 aims to direct the USDA to end community eligibility programs and universal free school meals. Project 2025 calls **school meals and programs for more children as “entitlements” and a “waste” of taxpayer money**.

2025-01-20 Page 377 of Project 2025 outlines Trump's goal to boost the coal industry, which aligned with him signing an executive order to do so.

2025-01-20 Page 465 of Project 2025 outlines a plan to increase Medicare Part D prescription prices. 

2025-01-20 Page 482 of Project 2025 aims to eliminate Head Start. 

2025-01-20 Project 2025 page 482 outlines its intention to interfere with adult decisions in end-of-life care by suggesting many elderly people have no agency of their own and are vulnerable.

2025-01-20 Page 483 of Project 2025 condemns - with baseless merit - that family caregivers are "overly focused" on racial and LGBTQ equity. 

2025-01-20 Page 486 of Project 2025 aims to prevent universal childcare.

2025-01-20 Page 588 of Project 2025 cuts overtime protections for American workers.

2025-01-20 Project 2025 page 589 mandates additional pay in observance of Sundays but completely bypasses all other religious observances. If you do for one, you must do for everybody.

2025-01-20 Portions of Project 2025 undermine or hinder union rights, including giving corporations the right to "union bust" on page 602.

2025-01-20 Pages 674 and 675 of Project 2025 label organizations like The National Weather Service as ***climate-change alarmists*** and call for action to dismantle them, The National Ocean Service, The Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, The National Environmental Satellite, Data and information Service, The national Marine Fisheries Service, and the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations and NOAA Corps.

2025-01-20 Page 697 of Project 2025 outlines a plan to tax worker benefits.

2025-01-20 Project 2025, page 709 outlines intentions to withdraw from the UN Paris Agreement and UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. On page 366 the mandate – written by the Heritage Foundation – complains about subsidies for clean energy.

### 2025

January 2025 marked the beginning of a measles outbreak in Texas after vaccine rates dropped well below the necessary percentage to foster **herd immunity**.

Larry Ellison, OpenAI Sam Altman, and Masayoshi Son of Softbank announced The Stargate Project to invest $500B in AI infrastructure in the U.S. by 2029.

Key space programs at risk now include active missions New Horizons, Juno, Mars Odyssey and Maven, observatories Chandra Xray, future developments for Davinci and Veritas, and new space telescopes like the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope and the Habitable Worlds Observatory.

The Trump administration cut $2B in federal grants to NIH, COVID 19 and HIV research studies on misinformation, anything to do with DEI, sickle cell research, Alzheimer’s research. The administration also tried to cut funding to dementia research until an appeal was filed and funds were reversed in April forcing them to reverse a $36M grant to UC Davis.

### 2025 Destruction from Day One

2025-01-06 The CFPB sued Vanderbilt for setting up borrowers to fail in manufactured home loans. Context: Clayton homes owns 50% of the manufactured home market - that’s mobile homes. The same company that owns Clayton (Berkshire Hathaway) owns the **finance company**, the **lease company**, the **insurance company**, and the **property management company** that owns the land on which the mobile home sits. The allegation was that the company would make the home virtually unaffordable after buyers already settled a deal, then take the property back from the buyer later. Homeowners also complained of quality issues such as a form of linoleum they called “congolium”, particle board, heavy leaks, safety issues, cardboard under the vinyl, sheetrock under insulation, and mold. Also, Berkshire Hathaway also owns three of the largest RV manufacturers in the country, and a record number of people are living in vans and RV’s due to economic pressure and a housing crisis since Trump’s first term. 

2025-01-07 Trump threatened to seize control of Greenland, stating he would be **willing to use military force** and would take Greenland "**one way or the other**". Later in the month he sent Charlie Kirk and Donald Trump Jr. to promote his cause and reiterated the threats in May.

2025-01-07 Trump threatened to use "**economic force**" to annex Canada. Canadian officials reportedly began taking his threats more seriously at this point, moving past the initial belief that the comments were satirical.

2025-01-10 Lucy Harrison was shot in the chest with a semi-automatic handgun by her father in Prosper Texas after an argument about Trump. The father was never charged, stating the gun went off “accidentally”.

2025-01-13 The FBI sent out a press release noting deep concern about violent white supremacism. [https://2021-2025.state.gov/office-of-the-spokesperson/releases/2025/01/terrorist-designations-of-the-terrorgram-collective-and-three-leaders/](https://2021-2025.state.gov/office-of-the-spokesperson/releases/2025/01/terrorist-designations-of-the-terrorgram-collective-and-three-leaders/)

2025-01-14 Biden signed Executive Order 14141 “Advancing U.S. Leadership in Artificial Intelligence Infrastructure” to balance AI development with environmental impacts of data centers.

2025-01-14 Pete Hegseth was questioned during a confirmation hearing about sexual assault and a $50K settlement he paid.

2026-01-14 Trump’s ICE goons began going door to door asking residents to point out their immigrant neighbors.

2025-01-16 Rumors spread on social media that California wildfires were caused by a conspiracy called "Directed-Energy Weapon" (DEW).

2025-01-16 Trump announced that he selected three actors as his "Special Ambassadors" to Hollywood to give him "insight" on what is going on in Hollywood.

2025-01-17 TrumpCoin was launched 3 days before inauguration.

2025-01-17 United Airlines donated $1M to Trump’s inauguration.

2025-01-17 JBS, the world’s largest meatpacker, made a $5m donation to Trump’s inauguration.

2025-01-17 Several businesses donated to Trump’s inaugural fund (pay to play”). 

2026-01-17 Border Patrol Chief Bovino was caught on video cosplaying in a Nazi-like overcoat.

2025-01-18 The U.S. banned TikTok for about 15 hours, claiming it was a security risk. Then the Trump administration strong-armed ByteDance to sell to a US-based company on January 22, 2026. According to an article with CNN, “there is no public evidence that Beijing has actually harvested TikTok’s commercial data for intelligence or other purposes”.

2026-01-18 Colorado ICE agents started leaving ace-of-spades “death cards” in peoples’ cars.

2025-01-20 The Big Beautiful Bill expanded tax cuts that disproportionately benefit high-income earners, with the top 1% receiving over $1T in tax cuts over the next decade.

2025-01-20 In his inaugural address, Trump stated, "I will sign an executive order to immediately stop all government censorship and bring back free speech to America", which is contrary to his ongoing campaign to sue, retaliate, or defund media he doesn't like. 

2025-01-20 Trump withdrew the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord a second time.

2025-01-20 The Trump administration eliminated the White House Office of Gun Violence Prevention which was originally started by President Biden in 2023. They also repealed the ATF’s zero tolerance policy that aimed to revoke the licenses of gun dealers who willfully violated federal law, gutted funding for community-based violence intervention programs, and removed $1B in funding for the Department of Education to provide mental health support to students. According to Brady United, The office of Gun Violence Prevention did numerous things, including creating an emergency response team, reducing nationwide homicides by 13.5%, supported ATF to shot down rogue gun dealers, funded community violence intervention, and implemented background check systems that stopped illegal gun purchases.

2025-01-20 Trump signed executive order 14172 directing federal agencies to refer to the Gulf of Mexico as the Gulf of America.

2025-01-20 Trump signed Executive Order "Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government".

2025-01-20 Trump signed executive order "Guaranteeing the States Protection Against Invasion"

2025-01-20 One of the first things the Trump administration removed when Trump came into office were websites offering reproductive health information.

2025-01-20 The Republican Study Committee proposed a budget to raise the retirement age to 69, which would especially hurt low-income retirees. This type of decision requires recommendations from people like RFK and Bessent, and approval by Congress. 

2025-01-20 During the first day of Trump’s second term, he granted a blanket pardon to nearly 1600 J6 insurrectionists. Multiple members he pardoned were involved in sexual criminal cases, some of which involved children. Not only did he put them back out on the streets, but many of them were also repeat offenders once released. There’s video of the oversight committee hearing September 18 2025 where Representative Crocket listed some of the violent offenders and gory details of what they did when they assaulted their victims, but I don’t want to say those things out loud here because they are terrible, so I will provide you with a link below and you can watch for yourself.(in subcategory J6)

2025-01-20 The Trump administration froze funds to USAID. By March USAID was 83% gutted. By July 24, 2025 Trump signed the Rescissions Act of 2025 to claw back $8B in funding from USAID. Aside from foreign aid, dismantling USAID can negatively impact farm subsidies. 

2025-01-20 During the mourning period for Jimmy Carter, Mike Johnson ordered flags to be raised temporarily at the request of Trump.

2025-01-20 DOGE began making indiscriminate cuts to federal workers for the next 18 months, totaling roughly 271,000 positions up until DOGE was dismantled.

2025-01-20 State government resources outline how the ***Trump tax cuts will lower taxes for the wealthy*** while increase taxes for the poor.

2025-01-20 During the inauguration Reverend Mariann Edgar Budde begged for mercy on behalf of immigrants and LGBTQ+ people.  Both Fox News and Charlie Kirk condemned Bishop Budde, calling her a "disgrace" and an "embarrassment". Trump demanded an apology from Reverend Mariann Edgar Budde. Bishop Budde also received multiple hostile and trolling attacks on social media.

2025-01-20 Elon Musk gave a fascist salute at Trump’s inauguration. Other Republicans started imitating the salute. Scott Jennings defended Musk on CNN, asserting it wasn’t fascist, until Catherine Rampell challenged him to do the salute on camera. Then he had nothing to say.

2025-01-20 Trump froze billions of dollars in federal funding for various infrastructure projects in Rhode Island. A suit was filed to unfreeze funding.

2025-01-21 Trump announced a $500 billion private sector investment for AI infrastructure by Stargate

2025-01-21 The Trump administration pushed to ban the X option from passport applications.

2025-01-22 The U.S. Constitution temporarily disappeared from the White House website following Trump taking oath. This would be the first of two instances the public would notice it disappearing in 2025.

2025-01-23 Trump signed an executive order “Removing Barriers to American Leadership in Artificial Intelligence”

2025-01-23 Republican House Member Andy Ogles of Tennessee introduced a resolution to amend the Constitution to allow a third term.

2025-01-23 Trump pardoned 2 DC officers who were convicted in a fatal crash.

2025-01-23 Trump pardoned anti-abortion activists who blockaded clinic entrances, violated the FACE Act by severely harassing doctors and patients. Page 558 of **Project 2025 outlines recommendations to question and/or dismantle the FACE Act**.
2026-01-23 The Trump administration announced that it would not be paying the $260M it still owes to the World Health Organization. January 23 2026 marked one year after Trump signed Executive Order 14155 to separate from them.

2025-01-24 PEPFAR was designed to implement life-saving HIV treatment services for pregnant and breastfeeding women, and orphans. The Trump administration cut funding for treatment to pregnant and breastfeeding women, orphans and vulnerable children. GOP members like Senator Kennedy were upset because some of the lifesaving care went to homosexuals, transgenders, and intersex patients, calling it “sick-bucket stuff”. After cuts were made, patients who normally received care for free no longer could reach care, and orphans like 14-year-old Mande Andrew died because of them.

2025-01-24 Marco Rubio placed a freeze on all foreign aid for 90 days except for Israel and Egypt. News outlets reported Israel and Egypt are among the top recipients of U.S. foreign aid, with Israel receiving roughly **$3.3B (billion)** annually and Egypt receiving **$1.5B (billion)** per year.

2025-01-24 Trump signed an executive order entitled "Enforcing the Hyde Amendment" to dismantle reproductive healthcare, end efforts to protect patient/provider privacy, cease abortion access, block data and research, and stop public education and awareness. 

2025-01-24 Trump reenacted a policy banning aid to groups abroad that discuss or provide abortions. The ban was supported by **ADF International legal communications director Elyssa Koren**. 

2025-01-25 A Florida Congresswoman filed legislation to have Trump's face carved into Mount Rushmore.

2025-01-26 As part of Trump's DEI initiative, The United States Air Force was directed to remove any training courses that include DEI, even those referencing the Tuskegee Airmen or the Women Air Force Service Pilots (WACS).

2025-01-27 Elon Musk attended a far-right rally in Germany.

2025-01-27 In 2017 Trump initiated efforts to ban transgender people from serving the Armed forces and the policy took place 2019. President Joe Biden reversed the order in 2021, but Trump once again signed a new executive order in 2025 to reinstate and expand the ban. A federal judge blocked Trump’s effort to ban transgender troops from military service in March, but the Supreme Court inevitably allowed the ban to proceed.

2025-01-28 The Trump administration began freezing funds that were already pre-approved by Congress; Eric Schmitt said on video he supported this.

2025-01-28 The Navajo Nation in Arizona issued a warning to citizens that dozens of their tribe members were being stopped, questioned, and detained based solely on their appearance.

2025-01-29 During a confirmation hearing, Bernie Sanders asked RFK why his non-profit Children's Health Defense is selling anti-vax propaganda onesies on their website. One set reads “Unvaxxed - Unafraid” and the other set reads “No Vax - No Problem”.

2025-01-29 During a presidential rally at the Capital One Arena in Washington DC, Trump stated "…but then they rigged the election, and now we won, so I'm gonna be your president for the Olympics…"

2025-01-29 There was a midair collision of an American Airlines jet and an Army Blackhawk. 

2025-01-30 During a press conference, Trump blamed DEI, Biden and Pete Buttigieg for the Potomac place crash. During that same press conference Trump listed off disabilities, claiming those disabilities were threatening safe air operations as though the FAA did not properly vet its employee pool. After his address he signed an executive order demanding an end to DEI hiring practices.

2025-01-30 The Trump administration’s Karoline Leavitt claimed that the administration’s DOGE department found a plan to send $50M in taxpayer money to send condoms to Gaza.

2025-01-30 Brendan Carr ordered an investigation into NPR and PBS. For context, A headline for TechDirt says, “Trump’s FCC just used a fake ‘investigation’ to shower AT&T and Elon Musk with billions in valuable spectrum”.

2025-01-30 During a confirmation hearing, Senator Alsobrooks asked RFK to explain why he claimed that Black people have a different immune system than white people and why he recommends they should get a different vaccine schedule. He cited an article about pollen but did not outline his scientific basis to back up his claim.

2025-01-31 The Trump administration purged federal health agency websites related to LGBTQ health, Civil Rights, Sexual and Gender Minority research, interactive tools for surveilling HIV, viral hepatitis, STDs and TB, and a Social Vulnerability Index. Among the purge they erased medical information on adolescent health such as the CDC's Division of Adolescent and School Health, monitoring health-related behaviors among high schoolers, and the Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System which tracked nutrition, physical activity, tobacco and drug use, and sexual behavior.

2025-01-31 The Trump administration purged medical information and data related to adolescent health, HIV and LGBTQ.

### 2025 February

2025-02-01 DOGE was given unbridled access to payroll and coding.

2025-02-01 The Accelerating Kids Access to Care Act was reintroduced to Congress by Democratic Representative Lori Trahan of Massachusetts. This legislation aims to improve and speed up access to care for children with cancer that are enrolled in Medicaid.

2025-02-01 DOGE terminated hundreds of probationary employees across NOAA including staff at critical weather forecasting centers. Some operational impacts included weather balloon launches, leadership roles, and the ability to operate offices 24/7. 

2025-02-01 The Trump administration froze federal funds for wildfire prevention programs that were already approved by Congress.

2025-02-01 Pope Francis and the church rebuked the Trump administration repeatedly for their immigration policies and cruelties, for JD Vance’s sudden switch to Christianity, and for Trump supporters boasting about Christian values they don’t live.

2025-02-01 The Trump administration cancelled Charting My Path, which was designed to help students with disabilities prepare for life after high school.

2025-02-01 A medical transport Learjet 55 crashed in Northeast Philadelphia.

2025-02-01**The Trump administration laid off several FAA employees as part of their workforce reductions**.

2025-02-02 Office of Personnel Management employees were locked out of their computer systems.

2025-02-02 A United Airlines plane caught fire before takeoff in Houston.

2025-02-03 Elon Musk posted on social media, “We spent the weekend feeding USAID into the wood chipper. Could gone to some great parties. Did that instead.” He was responding to a post by Mike Benz, “it ain’t dead yet, but already, and for the very first time, a hole has been put in the Terror Titanic x.com/Nero/status/18…”

2025-02-03 Judges delayed the White House's attempt to both freeze $3T (trillion) in federal spending and uncover the identities of FBI agents who worked on the J6 insurrection investigation.

2025-02-03 A bipartisan law, the Give Kids a Chance Act, was passed to accelerate the development of new drug combinations for pediatric cancer patients.

2025-02-03 In a social media post, Elon Musk rehashed old conservative uproar about shrimp-treadmill research simply to rekindle and reinforce distrust and misinformation. He wrote, “Insane wasting of taxpayer money”.

2025-02-03 Trump stated that USAID was “run by radical left lunatics” and claimed, “tremendous fraud”.

2025-02-04 Trump repeatedly stated he should receive the Nobel Peace Prize.

2025-02-04 Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas publicly claimed DEI hiring policies at the FAA contributed to the Potomac crash. He stated, quote, "Well, I think diversity issues did contribute to this accident, and what we know for sure is that under Joe Biden that they lowered the standards for people getting into air traffic control. And with that, the number of near misses increased 70% a year". The Senator went on to say, "What I think you're gonna find out is there were a lot of qualified white men that they were not hiring because they were holding spots for DEI hires".

2025-02-04 During a joint press conference, Trump referred to Gaza as the "Riviera of the Middle East".

2025-02-04 The White House released an executive order to reevaluate the U.S. commitment to three UN organizations “that deserve renewed scrutiny”: the UNHRC; the UN Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO); and the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).

2025-02-05 Global economic growth reached its lowest level since the pandemic.

2025-02-05 Pam Bondi disbanded the FBI Foreign Influence Task Force and FBI Task Force Kleptocapture. Both departments were designed to combat foreign influence in U.S. politics.

2025-02-05 Trump signed Executive Order “Keeping Men Out of Women’s Sports”.

2025-02-06 Everyone saw egg prices soar at the beginning of 2025, but hardly anyone talked about how it was caused by the strain of bird flu that started way back in 2022. When farmers finally rebuilt flocks and replaced sick birds, the prices came down and Trump took the credit.

2025-02-06 Trump alleged on Truth Social that “billions of dollars have been stolen at USAID”.

2025-02-06 Bering Air 445 crashed outside of Nome Alaska.

2025-02-07 MAGA supporters objected to playing "Lift Every Voice and Sing" at the Superbowl, calling it "divisive".

2025-02-07 Trump signed an executive order to create a task force to eradicate anti-Christian bias.

2025-02-09 After Elon Musk indiscriminately put hundreds of thousands of people out of work, arsonists set fire to a Tesla at an Albuquerque showroom.

2025-02-09 In a tweet, JD Vance incorrectly claimed that judges were not allowed to check executive power. Vance wrote, “If a judge tried to tell a general how to conduct a military operation, that would be illegal. If a judge tried to command the attorney general in how to use her discretion as a prosecutor, that’s also illegal. Judges aren’t allowed to control the executive’s legitimate power”.

2025-02-10 Trump fired the head of the independent Office of Government Ethics David Huitema.

2025-02-10 The Trump administration attempted to dismantle the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in 2025, claiming it is burdensome and an overreach. In a post, Russell Vought of the Heritage Foundation claimed the consumer protection is too "woke".

2025-02-10 Trump held a prayer circle in the White House after he reestablished an Executive Order to create a White House Faith Office.

2025-02-10 Pete Hegseth signed a memorandum to rename Fort Liberty back to Fort Bragg back to a Confederate general. However, in the memorandum Hegseth referred to PFC Roland Bragg, a different “Bragg” from the original General.

2025-02-10 A plane veered off the runway and crashed into another parked plane at Scottsdale airport.

2025-02-11 During Oval Office remarks, Trump alleged “billions and billions of dollars in waste, fraud and abuse”.

2025-02-13 (Context) The Committee on Education and Workforce submitted a letter to Columbia University demanding case files, proposed and enacted sanctions in response to a list of alleged antisemitic incidents from April 2024 through January 2025.

2025-02-14 The White House posted a poem on X for Valentines Day: Roses are red - violets are blue - come here illegally - and we'll deport you.

2025-02-14 New York US Attorney Danielle Sassoon resigned after refusing to drop corruption charges against Mayor Eric Adams per order of Pam Bondi who wanted Sassoon to quash the federal indictment as a favor to Trump.

2025-02-14 Rerouting agents to immigration enforcement started to take  agents away from drug, weapon and child trafficking investigations.

2025-02-14 The Trump administration fired around 3400 National Forest Service staff, followed by a "Fork in the Road" program encouraging remaining employees to resign or accept early retirement.

2025-02-14 Hundreds of videos were removed from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau YouTube channel.

2025-02-14 Media reported on how the rerouting of agents from original duties to immigration enforcement has led agents away from focusing on drug, weapon and human trafficking, particularly that of child sex trafficking.

2025-02-15 The White House imposed bans on specific media outlets they deem biased or not aligned with the Trump agenda. As an example, any news outlet that refused to refer to the gulf as Gulf of America was banned from the White House press pool.

2025-02-17 The Trump administration stated Elon Musk was not the leader of DOGE and issue a document calling Musk a "non-career Special Government Employee" who holds no formal authority to make government decisions himself.

2025-02-17 Kristi Noem created a public DHS video warning immigrants to "self deport now".

2025-02-17 A Delta Airlines plane flipped over during landing in Toronto.

2025-02-18 The White House released a video called "ASMR: Illegal alien deportation flight".

2025-02-18 Right-wing podcaster Benny Johnson took a trip to DC to celebrate and take a selfie in front of the shut-down USAID headquarters.

2025-02-18 There was a plane crash at Flagler County Airport.

2025-02-19 Republican lawmakers in both Indiana and Washington removed state funding for Dolly Parton’s Imagination Library, a program which provided free books to schoolchildren.

2025-02-19 Two private planes collided at Marana Regional Airport.

2025-02-20 At the CPAC conference Elon Musk waved around a chainsaw gifted to him by the Argentina president in an embarrassing “Chainsaw of Democracy” spectacle. More like chainsaw **to** Democracy.

2025-02-20 Following a fake post on Twitter saying gold was missing, Trump announced in a press conference they “might be going to Fort Knox” to see if gold was missing.

2025-02-20 Per Steve Bannon the J6 Prison Choir would perform at the Kennedy Center, but the Kennedy Center contests that it was not a "confirmed event".

2025-02-20 Pastor Corey Brooks asserted on Fox that Black communities have lost self-reliance and are being seduced by dependency.

2025-02-20 A Utah CEO was killed in a helicopter crash in Idaho.

2025-02-21 General Charles Q. Brown was dismissed as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff as part of the Trump DEI initiative. 

2025-02-21 The Trump administration made cuts to FEMA, beginning with laying off hundreds of staff, freezing grants, and denying some states' requests for disaster recovery funds. After the cuts Central Texas had trouble receiving flood response. 

2025-02-22 Fox News began featuring a new segment "My View with Lara Trump".

2025-02-24 The Trump administration integrated AI to automate both general population healthcare and VA health care claims.

2025-02-25 There was a near-collision at Midway Airport in Chicago.

2025-02-26 Trump posted an AI-generated video of Gaza as a beach resort, featuring several disturbing images including himself as a golden idol and Elon Musk vacationing in the war-torn land.
2025-02-26 Trump said the US spent $350B on the war in the Ukraine. According to other sources the actual figure was $185B.  

2025-02-27 The Trump administration targeted legal oversight of military lawyers, stating their enforcement of law were potential “roadblocks” to Trump’s orders.

2025-02-27 The Trump administration ended funding for a UN program fighting HIV/AIDS.

2025-02-27 A helicopter crashed in Uvalde Texas.

2025-02-28 The Trump administration heckled Vladimir Zelenskyy during a visit to the White House, descending into childish taunting over what Zelenskyy was wearing and asking him "**Have you said thank you once**". Vance continued to torture Zelenskyy, accusing him of “**campaigning for the opposition**” in October which didn’t happen. An article with MSNBC pointed out that Zelenskyy did say thank you, numerous times including both during a joint meeting of Congress in 2022 and online, citing at least 6 very large, very heartfelt public thank you letters.

2025-02-28 During an interview with Joe Rogan, Elon Musk called social security a “Ponzi scheme". 

### 2025 March

2025-03-01 Pete Hegseth initiated the dismantling of the Civilian Mitigation and Response Action Plan, which was designed to build a blueprint for avoiding civilian war casualties. The agency had the important task of maintaining a “no-strike” list so we wouldn’t bomb places like schools, hospitals, apartment buildings, et cetera. Hegseth even pitched the idea of changing the name to Center for Precision Warfare so the mission wouldn’t sound so “woke”, but the Trump administration inevitably scrapped it just before they started a war in Iran and bombed a school for girls, killing nearly 200 children in the first day of the war.

2025-03-01 According to a news outlet, an email from the Social Security Commissioner was supposedly leaked which allegedly referred to privatizing Social Security, ""we need to revitalize SSA operations by streamlining activities, out-source nonessential functions to industry experts, and reinstating human judgment and common sense into every decision at every level."

2025-03-01 The Trump administration terminated 22 federal contracts to develop mRNA vaccines, cut research grants into vaccine improvements, fired the entire Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, and fired CDC Director Dr. Susan Manares for resisting anti-vaccine directives.

2025-03-01 Although the bodycam footage wasn’t discovered until March of 2026, DPS released footage of a fatal ICE shooting on South Padre island where ICE agents shot and killed a 23-year-old man Ruben Ray Martinez. The footage contradicted what the ICE officers initially reported when they claimed the man tried to hit them with his car.

2025-03-01 A FedEx plane engine fire started after a bird strike in Newark.

2025-03-04 Trump threatened in a social media post to pull funding from any college that allowed protests and called protests “illegal”.

2025-03-04 During a joint address to Congress, Trump made unfounded claims that over 15M people were illegally receiving Social Security, stating recipients ranged in age from 100 to 360 years old.  The unfounded claim did not address the fact that the Social Security Administration requires in-person verification with a doctor to provide or continue benefits. The breakdown he gave is this: Millions (non-specific) ages 100-109, 3.6M ages 110-119, 3.47M ages 120-129, 3.5M ages 140-149, 1.3M ages 150-159, 130K over the age of 160, 1039 people aged 220-229, 1 person somewhere between 240 and 249, 1 person age 360, making a total well over 16M.

2025-03-04 News articles reported multiple million-dollar dinners hosted at Mar-a-Lago, naming one as the "**MAGA INC. Candlelight Finance Dinner**".

2025-03-05 Missouri Attorney General Andrew Bailey posted on X calling for an investigation into Biden for using an autopen. The Republicans would use this rhetoric to try and invalidate executive actions signed by Biden.

2025-03-05 Veteran Eric Rodriguez spoke out after the Trump administration cut 400,000 jobs, dragging the VA back to 2019 staffing levels.

2025-03-05 A military news outlet Military.com published an article speaking out on behalf of millions of Veterans who feel that privatized healthcare will rapidly eat into the VA budget.

2025-03-05 Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnik called negative economy data "Biden data" and said Trump will fix the economy.

2025-03-06 Trump proposed linking a Ukraine minerals deal with a ceasefire in the Russia-Ukraine war in effort to secure American access to Ukraine’s natural resources.

2025-03-06 Trump invoked the Wartime Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to bypass due process and target Venezuelan immigrants.

2025-03-07 Trump signed an executive order to change student loan forgiveness, adding the language, "…**end taxpayer-funded student loan forgiveness for anti-American activists**", leaving it open to the Trump administration's interpretations and agendas.

2025-03-07 The Trump administration cancelled $400M in grants to Columbia University.

2025-03-07 Trump signed an executive order revising student loan forgiveness, adding the language "…to end taxpayer-funded student loan forgiveness for anti-American **activists**", which leaves the order wide open for interpretation into what the Trump administration deems as "anti-American". This is a dangerous precedent as they have historically and blatantly used retaliation against anyone they simply don't like or whoever doesn't align with their values.

2025-03-07 News outlets reported on more historical purges of military photos falling under the DEI initiative, mostly targeting women and minorities.

2025-03-07 News outlets continued to report on the DEI purge, warning of a broad attack on anything containing keywords.

2026-03-09 During the week of March 9th, multiple unauthorized drones were spotted over Barksdale Air Force Base. According to reports the drones displayed non-commercial signal characteristics, long-range control links and resistance to jamming.

2025-03-10 Canadian visitors boycotted tourism in the U.S., which by 2026 news outlets reported a possible long-term loss in the U.S. economy.

2025-03-10 Medical transport helicopter AirCare-3 crashed in Mississippi.

2025-03-11 Pete Hegseth used an unapproved unauthorized Signal chat platform to discuss classified plans of military strikes in Yemen. He also invited officials who were not supposed to be part of the communications **including his wife**. Two months after **Signalgate**, Mike Walz resigned. On December 4th of the same year, the Pentagon Inspector General released a report stating Hegseth endangered the lives of American servicemembers when he shared classified details of Yemen strikes on the unauthorized commercial app Signal Chat.

2025-03-11 Trump pardoned Brian Kelsey who was convicted of $90K in campaign finance fraud.

2025-03-12 The Trump administration made huge cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency. These cuts will affect things like waste cleanup initiatives, recycling programs, and prevention of illegal dumping. In a statement on the EPA news release website, the administrator said, "Alongside President Trump, we are living up to our promises to unleash American energy, lower costs for Americans, revitalize the American auto industry, and work hand-in-hand with our state partners to advance our shared mission..." by reconsidering regulations on power plants, oil, gas, greenhouse gas reporting, toxic standards, and other regulatory guidelines that were designed to protect the environment.

2025-03-12 During an Oval office press conference, Trump stated his administration "did a lot of things" that got the egg prices down substantially, cited that oil was down to $65 a barrel, and that inflation was "way down". He also claimed that his administration had virtually no inflation for 4 years during his last term.

2025-03-13 Trump fixated on making Canada the 51st state.

2025-03-13 Jewish protesters flooded Trump Tower to lobby against the arrest of a pro-Palestinian activist.

2025-03-13 American Airlines flight 1006 caught fire on the tarmac after an emergency landing in Denver.

2025-03-13 A small plane crashed at Mesquite Texas airport.

2025-03-14 Trump signed an executive order to dismantle the US Agency for Global media.

2025-03-14 Trump signed an executive order targeting the Minority Business Development Agency and other agencies to reduce their functions to the "minimum presence and function required by law". After this, the administration dismantled staff, canceled grants, and removed signage.

2025-03-14 Trump signed an executive order “Continuing the Reduction of the Federal Bureaucracy targeting the Minority Business Development Agency and other agencies to reduce their functions to the "minimum presence and function required by law". After this, the administration dismantled staff, canceled grants, and removed signage.

2025-03-15 Trump walked back his promise to end the Ukraine war in 24 hours, claiming he was being sarcastic.

2025-03-15 Leqaa Kordia was detained for overstaying an F-1 Visa but was also involved in protests at Columbia University and may have been targeted for that. Since then, she had been detained in a Texas immigration jail for over a year. She reported having seizures, being forced to shower with chains on, and was refused contact with family or lawyers. She was released in 2026 and stated the detention facility was “built to break people and destroy their health and hope”.

2025-03-16 Ignoring a ruling to turn a deportation plane around, Tom Homan said "I don't care what the judges think". Trump also responded to the ruling, demanding to impeach the judge who ordered the turnaround. President of El Salvador Nayib Bukele posted an obnoxious "oopsie, too late" followed by a laugh-cry emoji.

2026-03-16 Leaked DOGE deposition videos went viral, revealing that DOGE employees used OpenAI’s ChatGPT to determine which agencies and grants to cut, starting with any that referenced DEI. They used AI to indiscriminately take jobs away from dedicated and hard-working people.  

2025-03-18 Several living individuals' personal information was doxed during the release of the JFK files.

2025-03-18 Arsons set fire to a Tesla showroom in Las Vegas.

2025-03-18 News outlets reported family outcries because their loved ones being detained were **not** gang members **or** criminals.

2025-03-20 Trump suspended $175M in funding to the University of Pennsylvania for allowing a transgender athlete on the women's swim team. In July, Trump released $175M in funding **back** to University of Pennsylvania **only after they agreed to remove transgender** Lia Thomas' records and issue an apology.

2025-03-20 The Trump administration issued Executive Orders to dissolve the Department of Education at the Federal level and hand it over to the States.

2025-03-20 Trump appointed Charlie Kirk to the Air Force Academy Board.

2025-03-20 Another prayer circle…

2025-03-21 After the Trump administration leveraged funding to Columbia University they agreed to the demands of the administration in exchange for funding restoration. Ultimately it didn't matter, because Trump froze their funds again 3 months later. Andrew Nixon stated, "There is no federal funding for unvetted woke research at Columbia. Any minimal disbursements that presently exist are for specific measures, including to wind down the grant entirely".

2025-03-21 The Trump administration dismantled the Office of Environmental Justice and External Civil Rights.

2025-03-21 Trump pardoned Jason Galanis who was convicted of $200M in fraud.

2025-03-21 The Trump administration blocked access to the historical US-Canadian border library to “counter illicit cross-border activities”.

2025-03-23 News outlets reported an "unprecedented degree of resistance" to court rulings and a forceful attack on the American judiciary.

2025-03-25 The Trump administration revoked a Tuft student's doctoral visa because she co-authored a pro-Palestinian newspaper article the year prior. Rumeysa Ozturk was detained by ICE for six weeks after writing an op-ed at her university. Courts ruled the detention illegal and she was released.  The Trump administration’s DHS accused her of supporting Hamas without any evidence.

2025-03-26 Trump pardoned Devon Archer who was convicted of a $60M tribal bond scheme of the Oglala Sioux Nation.

2025-03-26 The Trump administration cut COVID research grants, particularly any documents that mentioned gender identity, DEI, or environmental justice.

2025-03-27 Trump withdrew Elise Stefanik's UN ambassador nomination. Trump posted in Truth Social that it was "essential that we maintain EVERY Republican Seat in Congress".

2025-03-27 Marco Rubio announced that over 300 student visas were revoked by the State Department as a crackdown on campus activism, particularly pro-Palestinian. He stated, quote, "Every time I find one of these lunatics I take away their visa".

2025-03-27 Trump pardoned Trevor Milton. Trevor Milton was convicted of a massive fraud scheme. The DOJ sought over $600M in restitution.

2025-03-27 Trump signed executive order "Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History" to "pivot towards a positive retelling of history", but many see this as whitewashing and sanitization of the full truth.

2025-03-27 Trump signed executive order 14251 "Exclusions from Federal Labor Management Relations Programs", which removed collective bargaining rights for more than 40 federal agencies.

2025-03-28 Trump pardoned Carlos Watson who was convicted of $60M in investor fraud.

2025-03-29 House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority posted an AI video celebrating the collapse of USAID, featuring JD Vance, Elon Musk, Trump, and someone’s dog carrying a coffin and dancing. Context: In December 2025 reporters found that in Kenya where they relied on USAID mothers had to choose which of their kids to feed and pregnant women were so desperate for food they were eating mud. 

2025-03-29 House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority posted an AI video celebrating the collapse of USAID, featuring JD Vance, Elon Musk, Trump, and someone’s dog carrying a coffin and dancing.

2025-03-29 A small plane crashed into a house in Minnesota

2025-03-31 Violent rhetoric from posts made by Trump emboldened activists to threaten judges after courts ruled ending the 14th Amendment to the Constitution and tariffs illegal. Judges received death threats, bomb threats, malicious swat calls, doxxing, and they were posted on a wanted poster at the White House entitled “Known Get-Trump Judicial Activists”. See Trump posts May 26, 2025 at 7:22AM (search “SCUM”) and March 18, 2025 at 9:05AM (search “LUNATIC”). 

### 2025 April

2025-04-01 The Trump administration cut $754M in funding from conservation technical assistance.

2025-04-01 The Trump administration proposed a $1.7B (27%) cut to NOAA's 2026 budget, eliminating nearly all climate research labs and research related to coastal and ocean science.

2025-04-01 Trump repealed the Salmonella Framework for Raw Poultry Products developed by the Biden administration to place more stringent safety standards in our poultry. Because of the repeal, poultry products contaminated with Salmonella can legally be sold so long as existing, less stringent, safety standards are met. The links below include a statement from the National Chicken Council explaining their rationale for eliminating the more stringent standards.

2025-04-01 Kathleen Sgamma withdrew her nomination as lead of the Bureau of Land Management after a watchdog group published a 2021 memo in which she criticized Trump's actions related to the January 6 Capitol riot.

2025-04-01 **Due to death threats**, two Yale professors decided to leave the United States and move to Canada for the safety of their families and selves.

2025-04-01 The Trump administration made cuts to the Building Resilient Infrastructure and Communities program (BRIC), claiming it was wasteful and ineffective and more focused on political agendas than helping Americans. BRIC was designed to help communities prepare for climate disasters as part of the EPA. 

2025-04-01 The Trump administration made cuts to Meals on Wheels and other services for seniors and disabled. The Trump administration also **made cuts to the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program**, **which provides energy assistance, weatherization, equipment, and crisis assistance to the elderly and disabled**.

2025-04-01 Online resources reported that the FDA suspended a quality control program for raw milk following workforce cuts within the Department of Health and Human Services. For context highlighting the danger of this, 2024 findings concluded that the **bird flu virus was detected in raw milk samples** in late 2024. 

2025-04-01 Stephen Miller wrote on X, “If you illegally invaded our country the only “process” you are entitled to is deportation”.

2025-04-01 The Trump administration announced cuts to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health to reduce the workforce from 1400 staff to less than 150. They also dismantled the NIOSH Education and Research Center at Harvard.

2025-04-02 A federal judge dismissed criminal corruption charges against Eric Adams after the Trump DOJ ordered the charges to be dropped.

2025-04-02 The White House posts reciprocal tariff charts on X which included uninhabited islands. The Commerce Secretary stated placing tariffs on uninhabited islands was intentional to tackle any "loopholes".

2025-04-03 Tufts University confirmed that a second student's visa was terminated without notification.

2025-04-06 Trump launched a missile attack on Syria in retaliation for an April 4th chemical strike.

2025-04-08 Companies started using AI to scan and read resumes, automate which candidates are more suitable by matching applications with keywords, and drop candidates who didn’t meet certain criteria or match algorithms. So basically AI performs like a job gatekeeper even before resumes are being viewed by human eyes.

2025-04-08 Legislation called “Fairness for Stay-At-Home Parents Act” was introduced.

2025-04-08 The Trump administration froze $1B in funding to Cornell University and $790M to Northwestern, accusing both schools of antisemitism and discrimination. According to online sources, the funding freeze impacted contracts for the Department of Agriculture, defense, education, Health & Human Services, and cybersecurity.

2025-04-08 RFK announced he would tell the CDC to stop recommending fluoride in water.

2025-04-08 Companies started using AI to scan and read resumes, automate which candidates are more suitable by matching applications with keywords, and drop candidates who didn’t meet certain criteria or match algorithms. So basically AI performs like a job gatekeeper even before resumes are being viewed by human eyes.

2025-04-09 The Trump administration cut funding to Princeton, claiming the cuts were over antisemitism concerns, but also ***citing the motive that Princeton climate research promoted "exaggerated and implausible climate threats"***.

2025-04-09 Democrats called for an investigation into insider trading, calling notice to Truth Social **posts about when to buy correlating with stock surges**. At 9:37AM Trump posted “THIS IS A GREAT TIME TO BUY!!! DJT”.

2025-04-10 A Bell 206 helicopter crashed into the Hudson.

2025-04-11 The Trump administration sent a letter to Harvard demanding they conduct a federal government-approved audit of its student and faculty to determine "viewpoint diversity" among other requests. Harvard refused, calling the demands unconstitutional.

2025-04-11 During a press conference, RFK promised to find the definitive cause of autism by September, four months after the press conference.

2025-04-12 Apple received a special exemption retroactively back to April 5 2025 from certain Chinese tariffs for their smartphones.

2025-04-13 Arsons set fire to Pennsylvania Democratic Governor Josh Shapiro's home.

2025-04-14 Trump praised Vladimir Putin numerous times (article).

2025-04-14 News outlets reported Trump's pressure campaign on universities, citing the administration's use of campus protests to energize their efforts, and creating a **Task Force to Combat Antisemitism** in response. The task force was backed by **Stephen Miller** and led by **Leo Terrell**.

2025-04-14 Pam Bondi asserted that Abrego-Garcia was MS13 and that it was not up to the US to return him. In the same press conference, Stephen Miller claimed that the media was arrogant for telling El Salvador how to handle their citizens, and El Salvador president Bukele said he couldn’t "smuggle a terrorist" back into the US.

2025-04-15 A news outlet reported that Trump was preparing to let Russia tap into Alaska natural resources as well as lift sanctions on Russia’s aerospace industry. The article said that U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent would coordinate the package, and it might involve joint mining ventures.

2025-04-16 During a press conference, RFK stated autistic kids would "…never hold a job, they’ll never play baseball, they’ll never write a poem, they’ll never go out on a date. Many of them will never use a toilet unassisted". He went on to say, "Most cases now are severe. Twenty-five percent of the kids who are diagnosed with autism are nonverbal, non-toilet-trained, and have other stereotypical features."

2025-04-16 Both John Hopkin's and the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases published articles **trying to set the record straight** about misinformation surrounding autism and vaccines.

2025-04-17 Trump posted on social media calling Jerome Powell "too late" on lowering interest rates and that his "termination cannot come fast enough".

2025-04-17 American citizens including licensed doctors and attorneys began receiving legitimate but erroneous DHS emails telling them to leave the country, stating “It is time for you to leave the United States”.

2025-04-18 A plane went off the runway in Scottsdale Arizona and crashed into a retention basin.

2025-04-19 The Trump administration proposed a rule to change the interpretation of the Endangered Species Act so harming habitats of endangered species would no longer equally mean harm is done to the species itself.

2025-04-21 The day Pope Francis died, MJT tweeted, “Today there were major shifts in global leaderships. Evil is being defeated by the hand of God”.

2025-04-21 Stephen Miller wrote on X, “If you were an American falsely accused of wrongdoing on January 6th it wasn’t merely difficult to get “due process,”, it was impossible. The entire system was rigged against you. All of it. Those persecuted Americans could only dream of the “due process” afforded illegal aliens”.

2025-04-21 There was a Delta Air Lines engine fire in Orlando.

2025-04-22 The Economic Policy Institute reported on "How Trump's erasure of environmental data is endangering communities of color".

2025-04-22 RFK advised the FDA to phase out petroleum-based synthetic dyes like Red-40 from cereal. 

2025-04-22 In the case of Mahmood v. Montgomery County the plaintiff argued that parents should have the right to veto or strike individual curriculum from education they found objectionable to their own religious reliefs. During this case, Samuel Alito addressed the book “Uncle Bobby’s Wedding” during an oral argument, stating, “I don’t think anyone can read that and say ‘Well, this is just telling children that there are occasions when men marry other men’. Uncle Bobby gets married to his boyfriend Jamie and everybody’s happy, and everything is, you know, portrays this – uh – everyone accepts this except for the little girl Chloe who has reservations about it, but her mother corrects her. No, you shouldn’t have any reservations about this. As I said, it has a clear moral message…”. For context, the book has nothing to do with the child’s reservations about same-sex marriage – it is about the child being worried she won’t get to spend as much time with her uncle anymore.

2025-04-23 Trump pardoned Michele Fiore who was convicted of $70M in charity fraud.

2025-04-23 Trump pardoned Paul Walczak who was convicted of $10M in tax fraud.

2025-04-25 The Trump administration cut $400M in funding to AmeriCorps, stating the grants no longer fit AmeriCorps priorities, but the administration did not articulate further. The cuts impacted 32,000 people, halted work in fields like disaster recovery, education, environmental stewardship and public health.

2025-04-24 Governor Kim Reynolds signed **House File 472 SLAPP**  (**S**trategic **L**awsuits **A**gainst **P**ublic **P**articipation) which targets cases meant to intimidate a person from exercising their First Amendment rights.

2025-04-28 As outlined on page 59 of Project 2025, all authors working on the National Climate Assessment report were dismissed.

2025-04-28 Newark Air Traffic Control experienced equipment malfunctions that cause delays.

2025-04-29 The Department of Education launched an investigation into the Harvard Law Review. The DOE accused Harvard of discrimination against white males because they "appeared to favor minority writers" and cited an increase among faculty of people of color, women, and nonbinary people.

2025-04-29 Religious charter schools in Oklahoma requested taxpayer money grants to fund their schools, draining funds that should go to public education.

2025-04-30 The White House shared a digitally altered image of "M-S-1-3" on Abrego Garcia's hand. Most Americans quickly realized it was simply text typed over a photo of his hand and not actually tattoos. However, Trump repeatedly insisted the picture was real during an interview.  It is unclear if the photo intends to depict the meaning behind each tattoo.

2025-04-30 A news outlet reported that the U.S. and Kiev signed a deal giving the U.S. access to investment projects in Ukraine.

2025-04-30 Polls from Interfaith Alliance show most Americans oppose focus against Christian discrimination rather than discrimination against all religions.

### 2025 May

2025-05-01 News outlets reported a ruling that United Arab Emirates family invested **$2B (billion)** into **Trump &****Witcoff****family cryptocurrencies through World Financial Liberty**.

2025-05-01 Stephen Miller claimed that Biden imported a "terrorist army", that the media covers up rape-torture-and-murder, and blamed due process for the killing of a woman.

2025-05-01 On National Prayer day, Trump said, “They say separation between Church and State – they told me – I said alright let’s forget about that for a – one time”. Another media source quoted him as saying, “We’re bringing back religion in our country and we’re bringing it back quickly and strongly because for America to be a great nation”.

2025-05-01 The Trump administration cut the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration workforce by 25%, cut $10M in funding, and rescinded $78M in supplemental funds for infrastructure.

2025-05-01 In May through September, the Trump administration released its FY 2026 "skinny" budget proposal to cut $308M from the Essential Air Service program, cancel $54M in grants to universities tied to DEI and "green initiatives", cancel $32M in transportation construction for Massachusetts, and the USDOT terminated $679M in offshore wind projects.

2025-05-02 Trump posted an AI generated photo on social media of himself depicted as the Pope.

2025-05-02 The Trump administration cut funding to after-school care programs, leaving increased strain on working families, gaps in learning and support since it also affects summer school programs, and disrupted partnerships between cities and nonprofits. 

2025-05-04 The White House released an AI-generated image of Donald Trump as a Sith lord with a red saber in honor of May the 4th via Instagram. They wrote “Happy May the 4th to all, including the Radical Left Lunatics who are fighting so hard to bring Sith Lords, Murderers, Drug Lords, Dangerous Prisoners, & well known MS-13 Gang Members, back into our Galaxy. You’re not the Rebellion – you’re the Empire”.

2025-05-04 Trump said he didn’t know whether he had to hold up the Fifth Amendment. When asked if he had to hold up the Constitution, he replied, “I don’t know”.

2025-05-04 During a Meet the Press interview, Trump did not deny the Abrego Garcia arrest was an administrative error but said that the president of El Salvador would have to decide if Garcia could come back to the US or not.

2025-05-06 Trump told the interviewer of Meet the Press that girls don't need to have 30 dolls, they can have two or three. I hope he was just talking about the rich kids, and not about the ones who go completely without. 

2025-05-06 During an interview with Meet the Press, Trump told the interviewer that girls don't need to have 30 dolls, they can have two or three. Most children don’t have any dolls and can’t afford to take one more for the team.

2025-05-06 The Free Press - owned by Bari Weiss - published an article titled "**The Gaza Famine Myth**". Unrelated but worth noting, CBS offered her a job in September 2025.

2025-05-06 During a confirmation hearing, Lauren Underwood asked Kristi Noem if she believed the Constitution guaranteed due process to everyone in America. Kristi Noem refused to give a definitive answer.

2025-05-07 During a hearing to discuss trans women in sports, Marjorie Taylor Greene banged her gavel 50 times and spoke over Stansbury to drown out discussion.

2025-05-08 Trump fired acting administrator Cameron Hamilton from FEMA one day after testifying to Congress that he did not support efforts to dismantle the agency.

2025-05-08 Trump had Librarian of Congress Carla Hayden fired on the 9th of her 10-year term as part of his DEI initiative. Carla Hayden received her termination by email from a low-level employee.

2025-05-09 During a press conference, reporters asked Karoline Leavitt about Trump meeting business contacts in the Middle East, to which Leavitt berated the reporter  for asking, stating it was “frankly ridiculous” that anyone “would suggest that President Trump is doing anything for his own benefit” and further stated that this administration holds itself to the “highest of ethical standards”.

2025-05-09 Newark Air Traffic Control experienced another outage.

2025-05-10 Trump terminated Register of Copyrights Shira Perlmutter after she refused to rubber-stamp Elon Musk's efforts to mine troves of copyrighted works to train AI models. Trump replaced her with his personal lawyer Todd Blanche.

2025-05-10 Congress repealed the CFPB’s overdraft rule which would have capped overdraft fees for consumers.

2025-05-12 Steve Bannon called out a "Constitutional Crisis" during an interview. He said, quote, "If they can hold it together they can control the government for 50-75 years"

2025-05-12 During an interview Steve Bannon declared this as the Era of Trump "like it or not", referenced the "steal of 2020", and stated there are multiple workarounds to serving a third term.

2025-05-12 Trump signed an executive order saying he will reduce drug prices.

2025-05-12 Trump allowed immigration for white Afrikaners, claiming South Africa was amid white genocide.

2025-05-14 the CFPB removed a rule designed to shield Americans from data brokers. The rule was supposed to limit the ability of US data brokers from selling sensitive information including financial data, credit history, and SSN.

2025-05-15 Representative Warren Davidson and Representative Barry Moore introduced the "Trump Derangement Syndrome Research Act of 2025”, claiming that anyone who isn't aligned with the Trump agenda must be suffering from a mental illness. For context, this is not the first time the phrase “___insert-name-here derangement syndrome has been coined – it was also found in an opinion article in 2023 coined “Bari Weiss Derangement Syndrome”.

2025-05-16 Trump bullied Taylor Swift on social media for endorsing Kamala Harris.

2025-05-16 Trump attacked Bruce Springsteen via Truth Social for speaking out against tyranny. 

2025-05-16 The Supreme Court blocked deportations under the Alien Enemies Act, but Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas, in a dissent, claimed the court didn’t have the jurisdiction to stop deportations.

2025-05-20 During a hearing Kristi Noem fumbled with the definition of Habeas Corpus and misinterpreted the type of approval needed to activate the suspension clause.

2025-05-20 The Trump administration announced plans to pass a lackluster "No Tax For Tips" bill. The bill ended up being temporary in nature, featured an income cap up to an unlivable $25,000 per year, and excluded  payroll and state taxes. Altogether the bill offered little or no benefit to low-wage workers.

2025-05-21 Trump continued the feud with Bruce Springsteen, sending out an AI-altered picture of himself hitting The Boss with a golf ball .

2025-05-21 Senate Bill SB10 was introduced, requiring the Ten Commandments in classrooms. State Representative James Talrico sparred with Noble and ended the debate by stating “**forcing religion down throats is not love**”.

2025-05-21 Saudi Arabia gifted Trump with a luxury jetliner.

2025-05-21 Trump met with South African president Ramaphosa and made baseless claims of a white genocide.

2025-05-22 Kristi Noem ordered the Department of Homeland Security to terminate Harvard University's student-and-exchange visitor program SEVP certification.

2025-05-22 Trump hosted his meme coin dinner. While some experts expressed concern over conflict of interest, Karoline Leavitt asserted Trump was "doing this in his personal time".

2025-05-22 ICE started showing up at immigration hearings to arrest people.

2025-05-23 During a Bloomberg radio interview, Yale School of Management Executive Fellow Gautam Mukunda stated, "If they can break Harvard, then they are sending a sign that they can do it to anybody".

2025-05-24 Stephen Miller wrote on X, “The only process illegals are due is deportation”.

2025-05-26 Violent rhetoric from posts made by Trump emboldened activists to threaten judges after courts ruled ending the 14th Amendment to the Constitution and tariffs illegal. Judges received death threats, bomb threats, malicious swat calls, doxxing, and they were posted on a wanted poster at the White House entitled “Known Get-Trump Judicial Activists”.

2025-05-27 Trump pardoned Todd and Julie Chrisley who were convicted of bank fraud and tax evasion in 2022. Their daughter advocated for the pardon, saying her parents were victims of a weaponized justice system because of their conservative views.

2025-05-27 Trump pardoned Scott Jenkins who was convicted of $75K in bribery and fraud.

2025-05-27 Trump froze $3.2B in grants and contracts to Harvard.

2025-05-28 Trump posted an image on social media of himself, with the caption "He's on a mission from God & nothing can stop what is coming".

2025-05-28 Trump pardoned Lawrence Duran who was convicted of $205M in Medicare fraud.

2025-05-28 Marco Rubio stated he would "aggressively" revoke visas for Chinese students.

2025-05-28 In a White House press conference Trump stated that Harvard "has to behave themselves" and demanded a list of foreign students from the school, stating Harvard should cap foreign attendees to 15%.

2025-05-29 Representative Greg Steube introduced "The Make Autorail Great Again Act". This is just one example of the Trump base trying to get in good graces with dictator Trump.

2025-05-29 Casey Means, Trump’s nominee for US Surgeon General in 2026, claimed Advil is toxic

2025-05-29 On Fox News, Stephen Miller declared the administration was pursuing "a minimum of 3000 arrests for ICE every day".

2025-05-29 Tom Homan confirmed a Fox host inquiry about a 3000 per day arrest quota, stating they were increasing their efforts tenfold.

2025-05-30 During an Iowa town hall, Senator Joni Ernst responded to a comment about Medicaid cuts by incorrectly telling constituents the government is paying $1.4M to illegal immigrants in Medicaid. When someone in the crowd yelled out “People are going to die” Erns retorted, “We are all going to die”.

2025-05-30 In a letter from James Comer of Kentucky to RFK, Comer outlined how **MAHA cited several nonexistent and misinterpreted studies** to support their claims. In the letter Comer demanded information about the process MAHA was using to draft their reports.

2025-05-31 After public criticism for her calloused remarks on Medicaid cuts, Iowa Senator Joni Ernst made a sarcastic video while trolling through a graveyard, adding, "I made an incorrect assumption that everyone in the auditorium understood that, yes we are all going to perish from this earth. So, I apologize, and I'm really really glad that I didn't have to bring up the subject of the tooth fairy as well..." and then ended it with, "...for those that would like to see eternal and everlasting life, I encourage you to embrace my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ".

2025-05-31 Trump withdrew Jared Isaacman's nomination to be the NASA administrator for a "misalignment" with the administration's "America First" agenda.

### 2025 June

2025-06-01 Inflation surged.

2025-06-01 During an interview with Face the Nation, Wesleyan president Michael Roth expressed concern about antisemitism claims, stating, "…this is really an act of intimidation to scare schools into towing the line of the current administration. It really has nothing to do with national security or with antisemitism. This heightened scrutiny is meant to instill fear on college campuses, and I am afraid it is working".

2025-06-01 Pete Hegseth renamed several U.S. Naval Ships that were named after prominent women, civil rights leaders, or any other American character he feels does not meet criteria for his "warrior ethos"

2025-06-01 Religious leaders vehemently condemned the Big Beautiful Bill, and GOP leaders using prayer to ask for the passage of bills that would hurt the most vulnerable. All to benefit the rich.

2025-06-02 Leaked emails exposed DHS use of mobile app Mobile Fortify, which used face scanning technology to put protestors in an ICE database.

2025-06-02 Far-right influencer Curtis Yarvin – a software developer and political blogger – writes about autocratic takeovers and neo reactionary movements. Yarvin uses the pen name Mencius Moldbug and advocates a system of government run by CEO-like authoritarians with unchecked power. 

2025-06-02 A news article wrote that Curtis Yarvin argued for a policy he called RAGE (Retire All Government Employees) to seize and consolidate power. JD Vance was interviewed in 2021 on Jack Murphy Live, and stated, *“There’s this guy Curtis Yarvin who’s written about some of these things…I think that what Trump should do, like, if I was giving him one piece of advice, fire every single mid-level bureaucrat, every civil servant in the administrative state, replace them with our people. And when the courts – because you will get taken to court – and when the courts stop you, stand before the country like Andrew Jackson did and say ‘The chief justice has made his ruling, now let him enforce it’”.*

2025-06-02 A news article quoted Curtis Yarvin as saying we should *“put the church Blacks in charge of the ghetto Blacks”.*

2025-06-02 Iraqi war vet Hagan Scotten resigned rather than follow an order from Bondi to drop corruption charges against Mayor Eric Adams.

2025-06-02 Paramount Global paid Trump $16M to settle a lawsuit.

2025-06-02 Iraqi war vet Hagan Scotten resigned rather than follow an order from Bondi to drop corruption charges against Mayor Eric Adams. In a letter he wrote, he stated, “If no lawyer within earshot of the President is willing to give him that advice, then I expect you will eventually find someone who is enough of a fool, or enough of a coward, to file your motion. But it was never going to be me”.

2025-06-03 Marjorie Taylor Greene called on the Senate to eliminate an AI provision banning State regulations on AI.

2025-06-03 Newly appointed head of FEMA David Richardson said during a meeting he was not aware of the upcoming hurricane season.

2025-06-03 A news outlet reported that Trump kept a copy of Adolf Hitler speeches next to his bedside.

2025-06-06 A military news outlet Military Times covered a Unite4Veterans Washington DC rally cry to stop betraying our Vets.

2025-06-07 National Guard troops were deployed to Los Angeles in response to anti-ICE raids.

2025-06-08 Trump posted on Truth Social that protestors in Los Angeles should be arrested for wearing masks. A double standard, since federal law enforcement agents wear masks.

2025-06-08 Stephen Miller described protests in Los Angeles as “an insurrection against the laws and sovereignty of the United States”. A double standard, considering the J6 insurrection.

2025-06-09 Trump plowed over the White House Rose Garden.

2025-06-09 RFK fired all 17 members of the CDC’s vaccine panel and backfilled the advisory committee with ant-vaxxers.

2025-06-11 A federal judge blocked Trump from deporting Mahmoud Khalil, ruling that it was **unconstitutional** to detain or deport someone based on their political advocacy.

2025-06-11 The DOJ issued a memorandum **making it possible to strip citizenship from naturalized Americans**.

2025-06-13 Senator Alex Padilla was forcibly removed and physically assaulted during a press conference when he attempted to ask Kristi Noem a question about immigration enforcement. In the video, you can see he was both cooperative and not disruptive.

2025-06-13 During an interview, a VA nurse cited, "there has been a long-time nursing staffing crisis…on top of that they are saying 'not only are we not going to hire and fill those positions, we're going to get rid of more staff".

2025-06-13 Senator Alex Padilla was forcibly removed and physically assaulted during a press conference when he attempted to ask Kristi Noem a question about immigration enforcement. In the video, you can see he was both cooperative and not disruptive.

2025-06-13 During an address, Kristi Noem said the reason feds were in Los Angeles were due to “socialist and burdensome leadership”.

2025-06-14 Trump ordered a military parade for the Army and his birthday, though some felt it was simply a show of force.

2025-06-14 Democrat House Majority leader Melissa Hortman and her husband were brutally killed in their home in a politically motivated attack. Investigators uncovered a manifesto targeting other State leaders in the suspect's car.

2025-06-14 Democrat State Senator John Hoffman and his wife were shot in their home in a politically motivated attack. The assailant was impersonating an officer.

2025-06-14 ICE detained people solely based on their skin color and language. This is racial profiling.

2025-06-14 By this date, award-winning Spanish journalist Mario Guevara who has lived in the United States for 20 years had been in ICE custody for over 100 days even after an immigration judge granted him bond. ACLU said he was not allowed to say goodbye to his wife and three children. He was arrested in June while livestreaming a No Kings demonstration. He was charged with unlawful assembly, obstruction, and being a pedestrian on a roadway.


2025-06-16 In another example of leaders trying to stroke Trump’s ego, the president of the European Council handed Trump a signed jersey and told him it's because Trump was "playing for peace".

2025-06-16 Utah Republican Senator Mike Lee mocked the murder of Melissa and Mark Hortman in a social media post on X. The post was captioned with "This is what happens when Marxists don't get their way" and a second post "Nightmare on Waltz Street". The posts have since been taken down but screen captures still exist on news outlets.

2025-06-16 Eric Trump launched Trump Mobile and offered a pre-order of the phone. When customers later asked in 2026 why they still hadn’t received their phones, customer service representatives told callers it was the government shutdown’s fault.

2025-06-16 A judge attempted to rebuke Trump's meritless cuts to NIH based solely on DEI, but the Supreme Court blocked that judge's order August 21 2025. Some $800M in grants continued to be cut based on DEI, health disparities, and COVID 19.

2025-06-17 When the press asks Trump if he plans to call Tim Walz to express condolences for the political assassination, Trump responded, "I think the governor is so whacked out, why would I call him", "the guy doesn't have a clue, he's a mess", and "why waste time".

2025-06-17 Brad Landers was detained by federal agents while he tried to peacefully escort a man out of immigration court in Manhattan.

2025-06-18 Trump called the attention to the Epstein files a "Democrat hoax" and evaded questions.

2025-06-18 The Trump administration froze Columbia University funds again.

2025-06-20 Florida Air Traffic Control lost their radar after a fiber optic line was cut.

2025-06-21 Trump posted on social media, "I HATE 'GREEN TAX CREDITS' IN THE GREAT, BIG, BEAUTIFUL BILL. They are largely a giant SCAM….Windmills, and the rest of this is 'JUNK'". He continued to express his upset that energy would require government subsidy and that windmill parts are made in China (context: several of Trump's merchandise items are made in China).

2025-06-21 Trump announced the US had “completely and totally obliterated” Iranian nuclear sites.

2025-06-22 Trump posted about the autopen again, this time writing “ "In other words, Joe Biden did not sign them but, more importantly, he did not know anything about them!" referencing both pardons and staff on the team investigating the January 6 riots.

2025-06-22 Due to the affordability crisis, more Americans opted to convert $14K sheds into living spaces. What initially started out as “tiny home living” became a necessity, and shed companies started marketing to that.

2025-06-23 Trump rescinded the “Roadless Rule” that protects 58 million acres of the National Forest system, claiming it is to allow for fire prevention and timber production.

2025-06-23 On June 6, News Talk WRNO posted on social media "Mike Howell, President of the Oversight Project and the leading figure in uncovering the autopen scandal, is now weighing in on the Trump Administration's news that they officially opened an investigation into whether Joe Biden was competent when he used an autopen". On the 23rd of June, Mike Howell wrote, “Now may I please direct your attention back to the autopen scandal”.

2025-06-23 A US citizen, US Marine, and father of three Narcisco Barranco was beaten and detained outside a Home Depot while working a landscaping job. DHS tried to assert he assaulted them with a weedwhacker, but footage showed he did not assault anyone.

2025-06-24 During the second trade war, farmers asked if the Trump administration will bail them out again amidst elevated agricultural costs.

2025-06-24 During a DOGE Committee hearing, Marjorie Taylor Greene went into a fit of repeatedly banging her gavel at Stansbury and repeating “You are not recognized”.

2025-06-24 In response to a news reporter question about conflict between Iran and Israel, Trump shouted “They don’t know what the **fuck** they’re doing”.

2025-06-24 The Trump administration scrambled to rehire key federal workers after the sweeping and unscrupulous DOGE firings. Estimates suggest the actions by DOGE between firings and rehiring had cost American taxpayers roughly $135B.

2025-06-25 Trump sent out several trolling tweets attacking the media and Democrats to reinforce his MAGA base and keep them riled.

2025-06-25 Nancy Mace sent out a post on X insinuating that Mamdani was somehow tied to September 11th. She wrote, “After 9/11 we said ‘Never Forget’. I think we sadly have forgotten”.

2025-06-25 Andy Ogles posted on social media, "Zohran 'little muhammad' Mamdani is an antisemitic, socialist, communist who will destroy the great City of New York" and called for him to be deported

2025-06-25 After Mamdani's win for Democratic primary in New York, Marjorie Taylor Greene posted a picture of the Statue of Liberty covered in a burqa with the caption "This Hits Hard".

2025-06-25 Trump posted, "FAKE NEWS CNN IS SO DISGUSTING AND INCOMPETENT. SOME OF THE DUMBEST ANCHORS IN THE BUSINESS!". 

2025-06-25 An American Airlines plane engine caught fire and had an emergency landing in Las Vegas.

2025-06-26 Candidates started using AI to submit ghost resumes and blanket applications to try to get an edge on the job market.

2025-06-26 During an interview with the New York Times, Peter Thiel made a bizarre comment suggesting that the antichrist will work through ***climate activists like child activist Greta Thunberg as “legionnaires of the Antichrist”.***

2025-06-27 Pete Hegseth announced a Naval ship name change during Pride Month, citing that being named after a gay military member was "political" and did not align with his warrior ethos. Hegseth wrote on social media, “I am pleased to announce that the United States Navy is renaming the USNS Harvey Milk to the USNS Oscar V. Peterson. We are taking the politics out of ship naming”.


2025-06-28 Trump posted on social media, "Republicans must remember that they are fighting against a very evil, corrupt and, in many ways, incompetent (Policywise!) group of people, who would rather see our Country "go down in flames" than do the right thing”. 

2025-06-28 The DOJ fired three prosecutors involved in the J6 prosecutions.

2025-06-29 Trump’s EPA lowered efficiency standards on appliances. This agenda is outlined on page 378 of Project 2025.

2025-06-29 During an interview, cancer researcher and Oncologist Dr. Elizabeth Jafee reported a loss of optimism in pancreatic cancer research due to funding cuts.

2025-06-30 DeSantis vetoed funding on several projects intended to help Floridians including stormwater funding, homeless housing, and $200,000 for a Samaritan Resource Center program to help homeless people get job training and assistance with housing.

2025-06-30 DeSantis vetoed $400,000 for the Transition House Homeless Veterans Program in Osceola County.

2025-06-30 Laura Loomer posted on X, "Alligator lives matter. The good news is, alligators are guaranteed at least 65 million meals if we get started now".

2025-06-30 A news outlet reported that DeSantis vetoed $400,000 for the Transition House Homeless Veterans Program in Osceola County.

2025-06-30 Trump sent out a social media post promoting his own perfume line.

2025-06-30 Trump posted on social media about a faith leaders conference he was supposed to attend, claiming the meeting was postponed for issues with AT&T.

### 2025 July


