---
layout: subcategory
title: 2026
category_slug: a-timeline-of-everything
subcategory_slug: 2026
permalink: /categories/a-timeline-of-everything/2026/
---

### NOTE
This is simply a running list (in chronological order) of all events within the file. 
Links and sources to each event can be found in subcategories. 

### 2026 January
2026-01-01 Trump’s IRS is going to consider student loans as income and start taxing them. 

2025-01-01 People increasingly formed emotional relationships with AI chatbots.

2026-01-01 California introduced the Delete Request and Opt-out Platform (DROP) which allows residents to completely delete personal information from data mining sites. 


2026-01-03 Grok reportedly generated revenge porn, fake nude images, and CSAM-style material after federal AI restrictions were weakened.


2026-01-03 Katie Miller posted this: [https://x.com/KatieMiller/status/2007541679293944266](https://x.com/KatieMiller/status/2007541679293944266)

2026-01-03 Both House.Gov and Congress.gov has documentation showing how Minnesota lobbyist David Hoch would publicly make derogatory, anti-Muslim and racist remarks on Instagram (now deleted) including calling them “demons”.



2026-01-04 News outlets report that so far 32 people had died in ICE custody and there had been 9 officer-involved shootings up to this date that the public was aware of.

2026-01-04 The Canadian Medical Association issued a warning that U.S. health and science institutions can no longer be relied upon for accurate guidance. 



2026-01-05 The Corporation for Public Broadcasting announced it would dissolve itself.



2026-01-06 People are using insider information on prediction markets. 

2026-01-06 Texas A&M directed teachers to ban Plato, citing “gender ideology”.

2026-01-06 The CDC dropped several crucial and common vaccines from the vaccine schedule for children including for meningitis, an illness which can be lethal to children in under 24 hours.



2026-01-07 Trump eliminated the White House Office of Domestic Climate Policy.

2026-01-07 RFK unveiled a new upside-down food pyramid promoting protein.

2026-01-07 ICE fatally shot and killed a 37-year-old mother of three, claiming she allegedly hit an ICE officer with her vehicle. Trump posted on social media that the officer was hit by the vehicle and lucky to be alive. Video shows the officer out of the way of the vehicle, taking video with his phone, walking away from the scene unscathed, and continuing to play with his phone immediately after the incident. The body cam footage showed the woman’s final words, “It’s okay, I’m not mad at you” and someone in the background calling the woman a “fucking bitch”.

2026-01-07 Dow Jones signed a partnership agreement with Polymarket prediction markets.


2026-01-08 Iranian authorities had imposed a near-total internet shutdown.

2026-01-08 In Portland, ICE shot two more people, claiming the individuals tried to hit an officer with their vehicle.

2026-01-08 After safety concerns about ICE terrorizing citizens, Minneapolis schools closed.

2026-01-08 Elon Musk reposted a white solidarity post on X.

2026-01-08 The Smithsonian was told to remove the word “unjust” from a display about Japanese internment camps because it made the display look “too partisan”. 




2026-01-09 Laura Ingraham peddled claims that anti-ICE protesters were being paid rather than acting independently.

2026-01-09 The Mississippi Free Press published an article reminding readers that former director of the Mississippi Department of Human Services was arrested six years prior for diverting millions of federal welfare dollars, giving those fraudulent funds to people like former WWE wrestlers and other athletes for personal use. This article was published shortly after the Trump administration launched its attack on Minnesota for welfare fraud, specifically targeting Somali residents.

2026-01-09 Trump stated during a press conference that, “We are going to do something on Greenland whether they like it or not”.

2026-01-09 One of Bovino’s ICE officers was caught on camera pointing his gun at unarmed protestors.

2026-01-09 The DOJ blocked Minnesota law officials from investigating the shooting of the 37-year-old mom Nicole Good.

2026-01-09 News media reported that a neighbor saw federal agents removing evidence from the home of Jonathan Ross, the ICE agent who fatally shot Nicole Good.

2026-01-09 The White House shared posts with the neo-nazi anthem “We’ll have our home again”.

2026-01-09 Lindsey Graham said “Because I’m pro-life doesn’t mean I won’t kill you” at a pro-life dinner hosted by South Carolina Citizens for Life.




2026-01-10 The US Department of Labor echoed a Nazi slogan on social media “One Homeland. One People. One Heritage.”



2026-01-12 The DOD awarded a Pentagon integration contract to Grok despite reports of glitches and explicit content.

2026-01-12 Malaysia and Indonesia banned Grok over explicit and nonconsensual content concerns.

2026-01-12 Leaked audio captured Karoline Leavitt threatening CBS with lawsuits over interview edits.  After a 13-minute interview with CBS anchor Tony Dokoupil, leaked audio of Karoline Leavitt recorded her saying to CBS news after an interview, “He said, ‘Make sure you guys don’t cut the tape, make sure the interview is out in full.’ He said if it’s not out in full we’ll sue your ass off”.

2026-01-12 Trump threatened “strong” military action in Iran stating on Fox that he has “put Iran on notice”.

2026-01-12 Trump shared a post from Wikipedia where he declared himself president of Venezuela.

2026-01-12 Kristi Noem changed ICE detention center policies in an attempt to block Congressional members from inspections without a 7-day notice.

2026-01-12 Leavitt defended ICE after the Nicole Goode murder, “This administration will continue to stand wholeheartedly by the brave men and women of ICE, including that officer in Minneapolis who was absolutely justified in using self-defense against a lunatic who was part of a group – an organized group – to interject and to impede on law enforcement operations.


2026-01-13 Trump linked immigration enforcement in Minnesota to election outcomes and accused the state of election manipulation

2026-01-13 The House Oversight Committee tried to hold Bill Clinton in contempt over an Epstein-related subpoena. At that point, only about 1% of the Epstein files had been released. Both Bill and Hillary Clinton asked for a public testimony for full transparency and were denied.  

2026-01-13 Jeff Bezos said personal computing will inevitably move to the cloud, so someday people will have to “rent” cloud space just to use their computers. 
2026-01-13 The FBI searched Washington Post reporter Hannah Natanson’s home and seized devices after she reported on DOGE-related layoffs.

2026-01-13 The Trump administration stated protection for Somali immigrants would be stopped and immigrants were expected to leave the country by March 17 2026.

2026-01-13 Onlookers and protesters began recording more evidence of ICE agents provoking violence, use of excessive force, using banned chokeholds, and targeting legal observers including president of Minneapolis City Council Elliott Payne.

2026-01-13 ProPublica published an investigative article finding more than 40 cases of ICE agents using banned chokeholds. Some of these cases involved leaving welts on a 16-year-old, an agent in Los Angeles cutting off breathing to a woman by pressing their knee into her neck until she passed out, and an agent in Massachusetts who choked a man for refusing to leave his one-year-old in the car, sending the man into convulsions and then refusing medical treatment for him.

2026-01-13 ICE agents dragged a disabled woman out of her car while she was on the way to a doctor appointment. ICE claimed the woman was blocking traffic.

2026-01-13 Six prosecutors and four DOJ civil rights leaders quit after the DOJ tried to conduct a criminal investigation into Nicole Good’s widowed spouse.

2026-01-13 Trump ordered the DOJ to send in 3000 more ICE troops into Minnesota, and told Minnesotans, “Fear not, great people of Minnesota, the day of reckoning and retribution is coming!”.





2026-01-14 Trump flipped off an autoworker during a Ford plant visit.

2026-01-14 The EPA stated they would stop calculating how much money is saved in health care costs and how many deaths were prevented by air pollution reduction measures.

2026-01-14 Trump terminated $2B in mental health and addiction programs. 

2026-01-14 The Congressional Budget Office estimated American taxpayers would spend $125M just to rebrand the DoD as “Department of War”. 

2026-01-14 Denmark conducted training exercises in Greenland. By January 16th it was a 2-tier operation and involved our closest NATO allies. Reports show they didn’t just transport explosives with their supplies; they included blood shipments in case of an invasion.

2026-01-14 Trump praised interim president and Maduro loyalist Delsy Rodriguez, noting he had leverage with the current regime in charge in Venezuela.

2026-01-14 ICE agents deployed flash bangs and tear gas in Minneapolis and hit a vehicle of a family headed home from a basketball game. After the attack, airbags deployed and the vehicle filled with tear gas. **A six-month-old went unconscious and stopped breathing**.

2026-01-14 In Santa Ana ICE shot a 21-year-old man in the face and blinded him. The man underwent 6 hours of surgery to remove plastic, metal and glass. The surgeon stated the shrapnel narrowly missed a carotid artery.

2026-01-14 ICE agents deployed flash bangs and tear gas in Minneapolis and hit a vehicle of a family headed home from a basketball game. After the attack, airbags deployed and the vehicle filled with tear gas. A six-month-old went unconscious and stopped breathing.

2026-01-14 The Heritage Foundation has a Project 2026 agenda to totally eliminate no-fault divorce, removing agency from women (and some men) from being able to leave an abusive or unwanted marriage. Their online page is already talking about no-fault divorce, saying, “Over the course of 60 years, casual sex, abortion, childlessness by choice, and no-fault divorce became normalized, while marriage and the natural family became stigmatized”. An excerpt from Project 2026 on the Heritage Foundation website, titled **Saving America by Saving the Family** reads, ***”These two forces – big government liberalism and second-wave feminism – combined to radically change how men and women thought about their roles in the home.”***

2026-01-14 The Dutch say Trump is more dangerous than Adolf Hitler. 




2026-01-15 Karoline Leavitt berated reporters as “left-wing hacks” during a White House briefing, “Oh, okay. So you’re a biased reporter with a left-wing opinion. Yeah, because you’re a left-wing hack. You’re not a reporter. You’re posing in this room as a journalist. And it’s so clear by the premise of your question. And you and the people in the media who have such biases but fake like you’re a journalist – you shouldn’t even be sitting in that seat. But you’re pretending like you’re a journalist, but you’re a left-wing activist”.

2026-01-15 Machado gave Trump her Nobel Prize.

2026-01-15 Trump pardoned Adriana Camberos who was convicted of $1M in counterfeit fraud.

2026-01-15 The Senate and Vance blocked a war powers resolution intended to reign in Trump and stop hostilities in Venezuela.

2026-01-15 The US officially started selling Venezuelan oil with the first sale amounting to $500M. The funds were then sent to banks controlled by the US government, including some based in Saudi Arabia.

2026-01-15 Machado gave Trump her Nobel Prize.

2026-01-15 Trump said he would invoke the Insurrection Act against protests in Minneapolis.

2026-01-15 Trump unveiled his “Great Healthcare Plan”. Without specific details on funding of the plan, Trump promised to lower prescription prices, reduce insurance premiums, and implement a direct payment system to qualifying citizens so people can purchase their own healthcare.

2026-01-15 ICE profiled and detained members of the Oglala Sioux tribe.

2026-01-15 News outlets reported that during an interview with Reuters, Trump commented “we shouldn’t even have an election” on account of how much the Trump administration had accomplished. In a press briefing, Karoline Leavitt brushed the comment off, stating Trump was “just joking”.




2026-01-16 The Justice Department accused Governor Tim Walz and Mayor Jacob Frey of fraud and conspiracy related to immigration enforcement

2026-01-16 Trump threatened tariffs against countries unwilling to support U.S. control of Greenland

2026-01-16 Trump pardoned 21 repeat offenders of fraud, insider trading, finance violations, and related crimes.

2026-01-16 Machado held a press conference in Washington DC at the Heritage Foundation to discuss her resolution to support the US takeover of Venezuela.

2026-01-16 Larry Ellison had to rename one of his superyachts after news outlets reported the irony of reading the name IZANAMI backwards.

2026-01-16 Israeli soldiers shot and killed a 2-year-old Palestinian baby in the head outside Jenin.



2026-01-17 Far right activist and pardoned J6er Jake Lang was chased off by protestors when he tried to hold an anti-Islam protest in Minneapolis.

2026-01-17 Border Patrol Chief Bovino was caught on video cosplaying in a Nazi overcoat.

2026-01-17 Mitch McConnell opposed Trump's tariff-emergency declaration and was subsequently criticized by Trump.



2026-01-18 During an interview, Scott Bessent said Greenland “can only be defended if it is part of the U.S.” after Trump threatened to acquire Greenland.




2026-01-19 Trump demanded the Nobel Prize in a message to the Norwegian Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Store while insisting on “complete and total control of Greenland.” He added, “I no longer feel an obligation to think purely of Peace”.

2026-01-19 Nick Fuentes and the Tate brothers caused a scene at a Miami beach nightclub for playing Heil Hitler.




2026-01-20 When Trump pardoned 1500 J6 insurrectionists (including Proud Boys leader Enrique Tarrio), he called them “hostages”. He pardoned several convicted of sedition including founder of the Oath Keeper militia Stuart Rhodes, and 600 people charged with assaulting law enforcement. Insurrectionists used shields, poles, and cattle prods.

2026-01-20 Trump pardoned Andrew Paul Johnson, a Capitol-riot defendant who was later accused of sexually abusing a child and attempting to buy the child's silence with a promised $10 million payment.

2026-01-20 Trump's pardons eliminated approximately $1.3 billion in restitution owed to victims and survivors.

2026-01-20 Of the many clemency petitions submitted, Trump granted only 10 through the formal review process. All pardons followed a pattern: significant media attention, financial connections, or Trump’s personal interests and vanity.

2026-01-20 Trump pardoned Honduras president Juan Orlando Hernandez who was convicted in 2024 of a violent narco-trafficking scheme. He helped flood the U.S. with over 400 tons of cocaine. He ran Honduras as a narco state and accepted millions of dollars in bribes. He said, allegedly, “We are going to stuff the drugs up the gringos’ noses, and they’re never even going to know it”. Trump also threatened to cut off aid to Honduras if voters elected one of Hernandez’s rivals and threatened there would be “Hell to Pay” if the Honduras presidential election results were changed. In May 2026 leaked audio revealed that the US, Israel and Honduras were involved in a joint scheme together to target leftist governments in Latin America. 

2026-01-21 Trump repeatedly confused Greenland with Iceland at Davos. Leavitt insisted he did not, saying, “no, he didn’t Libby. His written remarks referred to Greenland as a “piece of ice” because that’s what it is. You’re the only one mixing anything up here”. Later, a very confused Trump told reporters that NATO leadership loved him. He stated “They called me ‘daddy’ right? A very smart man said – He’s our daddy, he’s running it”. Also at the World Economic Forum, Trump stated, “but sometimes you need a dictator”.

2026-01-21 The FCC again threatened ABC's broadcast license over programming involving Jimmy Kimmel and Stephen Colbert. 

2026-01-21 Trump stated again during the summit in Davos “Sometimes you need a dictator”.

2026-01-21 Trump created a “Board of Peace” during the World Economic Forum to eventually replace the existing UN Charter. The new charter would exclude countries like Canada and include countries like Russia and China. He also announced that a **$1B contribution** would secure permanent membership, and **he would be chairman for life.** One of Trump’s first pledges of the Board’s mission was **“looking over the Unite dNations and making sure it runs properly”.**  

2026-01-21 During the Davos summit in Switzerland, Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney urged other countries to unite against bullying from the U.S.

2026-01-21 In a study, Trump’s decision to block USAID resulted in hundreds of thousands of deaths from infectious diseases and malnutrition.

2026-01-21 ICE detained a 5-year-old boy and claimed the child’s father abandoned him.

2026-01-21 ICE launched “Operation Catch of the Day” in Maine and began entering homes without judicial warrants.

2026-01-21 Trump pardoned Ross Ulbricht, founder of the Silk Road marketplace, which facilitated the sale of over 13,000 illegal substances online.



2026-01-22 ICE arrested civil rights attorney Nekima Levy Armstrong during a protest in St. Paul Minnesota. The White House then doctored and digitally altered a photo of her arrest to make it appear she was crying.

2026-01-22 Trump criticized Special Counsel Jack Smith on Truth Social. Smith had prosecuted Trump in cases involving election interference and classified documents at Mar-a-Lago.

2026-01-22 The U.S. experienced record cold across parts of the South and severe rain and ice storms in the Northeast. 

2026-01-22 Trump created his own “Board of Peace”, consisting of founding countries such as Israel, Saudi Arabia, Argentina and Hungary.

2026-01-22 Two Brooklyn Park Minnesota women were detained by ICE while they were monitoring school bus drop off locations for safety. During their custody, the arresting agent had a seizure. The women stated they were released from handcuffs so they could render emergency medical assistance to the agent. DHS later made a statement, saying that the women “lied to law enforcement stating they were nurses” and that they never rendered assistance.




2026-01-23 Just one hour after agents executed Alex Pretti, Pam Bondi sent a letter to Tim Walz stating the Trump administration would remove ICE from the State if Minnesota met demands to hand over voter files, SNAP data, and repealed its sanctuary policy.

2026-01-23 The Trump administration ordered the National Park Service staff to remove a slavery exhibit from a park in Philadelphia in alignment with Trump’s Executive order to “restore truth and sanity to American history”.

2026-01-23 The Trump administration announced that it would not be paying the $260M it still owes to the World Health Organization. January 23 2026 marked one year after Trump signed Executive Order 14155 to separate from them.

2026-01-23 ICE fatally shot and killed 37-year-old VA nurse Alex Pretti when he tried to help a woman who was being surrounded by ICE agents. According to sources, Pretti did have a concealed carry license. DHS reported they killed Pretti because he threatened to shoot ICE agents, but several witnesses and captured video showed Pretti only holding his phone. Six ICE agents tackled Pretti and removed what appeared to be a gun from him, pepper sprayed him, held him face-down and then shot him several times in the back. After the shooting, DHS refused to share evidence with local investigators.



2026-01-24 The Texas Education Freedom Accounts allegedly excluded Muslim private schools from the State voucher program. 

2026-01-24 Stephen Miller took to social media to call Alex Pretti an assassin, then later backtracked, stating the CBP mishandled the scene and violated protocol.

2026-01-24 Stephen Miller was implicated of encouraging DHS tactics that contributed to confrontations preceding the death of Alex Pretti.



2026-01-26 Despite a judicial warrant, federal agents blocked the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension from accessing the scene to the fatal shooting of Alex Pretti.

2026-01-26 After learning that wrongly detained people were being released from ICE detention centers in the middle of winter without coats or transportation, volunteers organized in Minnesota and created havenwatch.org to assist detainees with resources like coats, transportation, and phones.

2026-01-26 After the killing of Alex Pretti, Dan Bovino was demoted and set to leave Minnesota.




2026-01-27 Following two public executions of American citizens Greg Bovino was demoted as Border Patrol command.

2026-01-27 After TikTok’s forced sale, users reported censorship of anti-Trump, ICE, and Epstein-related content.

2026-01-27 A whistleblower alleged DOGE mishandled sensitive personal data and violated security protocols.

2026-01-27 Representative Ilhan Omar was attacked by a far-right activist during a town hall. Trump later claimed the incident had been staged.

2026-01-27 Trump said, “I don’t want to drive housing prices down. I want to drive housing prices up for people that own their homes. And they can be assured that’s what’s going to happen”. 

2026-01-27 ICE agents shot 37-year-old Patrick Schlegel in Arivaca Arizona allegedly for smuggling immigrants into the country and brandishing a gun.




2026-01-28 Kristi Noem and Stephen Miller blamed each other after Alex Pretti’s execution.

2026-01-28 After ICE agents killed Alex Pretti, Trump argued Pretti should not have carried a firearm at the protest, drawing criticism from gun-rights organizations including the NRA and Gun Owners of America.

2026-01-28 After the US removed flags honoring fallen Danish soldiers who died in Afghanistan on behalf of the US, Trump claimed it was because they “didn’t walk the front line”. 

2026-01-28 In the same month, Jeff Bezos both fired 16,000 Amazon workers and forked over $75M to Melania Trump so she could make a documentary about herself. 

2026-01-28 The Christian Nationalist movement doesn’t want room for other religions or other faiths. Case in point when someone painted over a billboard in Los Angeles originally put up by a group called World’s Last Chance, an organization made up of non-denominational volunteers. 

2026-01-28 New York city comptroller Mark Levine encouraged people to reinvest the city’s pension funds in Israeli bonds. In response, protestors stated, “Levine says it’s profitable to invest in the Israeli bonds. He says that they are solid investments with high returns. It’s not surprising that a war economy is profitable. That’s what Israel’s economy is. It’s a war economy. That’s why there is high yields. But buying these bonds only ensures the injustice and the system of occupation continues”. 


2026-01-29 Trump sued the IRS and Treasury Department for $10B in taxpayer money for sharing Trump’s tax information.

2026-01-29 ICE detained 5-year-old Liam Ramos and his father at the Dilley, Texas detention center. The child stopped eating, was lethargic, and was going through depression. Reports described poor conditions, medical concerns, and a later measles outbreak. A judge ordered their release in February. The Trump administration said they planned to appeal the release.  

2026-01-29 Social security is estimated to run dry by 2035. 

2026-01-29 As the US began to lose its measles elimination status, the CDC under-reported 588 measles cases across 17 states, while other health organizations reported that South Carolina ***alone*** had over 800 cases in January.

2026-01-29 The FBI, led by Tulsi Gabbard, raided the Georgia election office and removed 700 boxes of ballots and voter data.




2026-01-30 Florida Republican James Fishback commented during a morning show that Don Lemon was “…lucky that he's not getting executed in the public square”.

2026-01-30 Israel resumed air strikes on Gaza, killing at least 29 more since the October ceasefire.


2026-01-31 Alberto Castaneda Mondragon was detained by ICE and then later brought to a hospital with at least eight skull fractures and several life-threatening brain bleeds. ICE maintains that he ran himself into a wall.



### 2026 February

2026-02-01 Trump family's World Liberty Financial sold a 49% stake in its cryptocurrency business to members of the Emirati royal family.

2026-02-01 Producer Price Index (wholesale inflation) increased at a seasonally adjusted 0.7% for February 2026. The expectation was 0.3%. PPI inflation was at 3.4% for the year. Core PPI was up 3.9% for the year. These are generally indicators of our CPI. These numbers do not yet reflect the cause-and-effect of Trump’s war in Iran.

2026-02-01 The FDA blocked review of a flu vaccine developed by Moderna.




2026-02-02 Adobe announced plans to completely get rid of Adobe Animate by March 1st and instead reinvest in AI. The company later changed their announcement after huge backlash from investors and businesses.

2026-02-02 Trump announced luxurious Kennedy Center renovations while Americans struggled with healthcare costs. Meanwhile, a Gallup survey showed that millions of Americans were skipping meals to pay for their healthcare. 

2026-02-02 Trump threatened to sue Harvard University for $1 billion. 

2026-02-02 Texas A&M cut Women’s Studies due to policy on race and gender topics.

2026-02-02 Former Army Ranger Ian Austin was arrested at a protest and charged with terrorism-related offenses. 




2026-02-03 French prosecutors raided X offices over allegations Grok generated CSAM material.

2026-02-03 DHS submitted an administrative subpoena against a 67-year-old man from Pennsylvania after he wrote an email to them asking to “apply principles of common sense and decency” in their treatment of a man seeking asylum from Afghanistan. DHS issued the subpoena to Google just hours after the man sent the email so they could access the man’s computer and Gmail. Two weeks later, they showed up to his front door for questioning. The ACLU had to get involved to challenge the subpoena and the violation of his First Amendment rights.

2026-02-03 Interior Secretary Doug Burgum introduced “Coalie” as a child-friendly mascot for Trump’s drilling campaign.

2026-02-03 JD Vance refused to apologize for amplifying claims about Alex Pretti as an assassin. 

2026-02-03 Interior Secretary Doug Burgum introduced “Coalie” as a child-friendly mascot for Trump’s drilling campaign.

2026-02-03 Trump urged Republicans to pursue nationalized elections.

2026-02-03 During a press conference Trump told CNN reporter Kaitlan Collins she should smile more and called her the “worst reporter” while she was asking about the Epstein files.

2026-02-03 The Washington Post laid off a third of their staff.

2026-02-03 Trump deployed troops to Nigeria.

2026-02-03 Trump and Republican figures like Jeanine Pirro, Dan Bongino, Kristi Noem and Kash Patel admonished Alex Pretti for carrying a concealed weapon, stating nobody should be bringing guns to a protest. For context, Kash Patel tried to help Rittenhouse sue Biden and the media for character assassination even though he brought guns across state lines to a protest. In August 2020 Kyle Rittenhouse, a 17-year-old at the time, drove from Illinois to Wisconsin with an AR-15 and shot three protesters in the wake of the Jacob Blake shooting. He was hailed by Conservatives as a defender of Second Amendment rights and was acquitted on all charges including first-degree intentional homicide.

2026-02-03 After multiple killings by ICE agents, the White House sent Tom Homan to Minneapolis and withdrew 700 of the 3000 agents from the city.

2026-02-03 The Supreme Court allowed California to proceed with redistricting despite Republican pushback that redistricting is “unfair”.




2026-02-04 Elon Musk reposted about the Great Replacement, and news articles reported on his repeated racist posts.

2026-02-04 Tulsi Gabbard seized voting machines from Puerto Rico.

2026-02-04 Elon Musk reposted from PubWanghaf "It breaks my heart to say but in order to save this country we are probably going to have to do things that make women sad". In his repost, Elon Musk wrote “True words”.




2026-02-05 Trump proposed renaming Penn Station and Dulles Airport after himself in exchange for releasing federal funds for reconstruction.

2026-02-05 Pardoned J6er Jake Lang was arrested in Minneapolis after destroying a sculpture displayed by the local Veteran-ran Common Defense organization. One of the Veterans commented, “As a United States Marine, I swore an oath to the Constitution, not a political party; not an agency, the Constitution”. Another Veteran commented, “I gave eight years of my life in service to this country in the military. For a January 6 insurrectionist to destroy our display is an attack on the First Amendment veterans like me fought to defend”.  

2026-02-05 The Trump administration advanced a plan to **strip job protections** from federal workers by reclassifying them under Schedule F.

2026-02-05 During a prayer breakfast Trump joked he would revoke church tax exempt status if leaders “say something bad about” him. Also during the prayer breakfast, President Bukele credited God for his paramilitary actions in El Salvador.

2026-02-05 The Trump Administration sanitized exhibits at Little Bighorn National Monument. The Northern Cheyenne Tribal Council unanimously voted 11-0 against the changes.

2026-02-05 Homeowners saw a return of homeowner debts, calling them zombie mortgages.




2026-02-06 RFK claimed the keto diet can cure schizophrenia with no actual data or supporting evidence.

2026-02-06 Trump posted a racist AI video of Barack and Michelle Obama depicted as apes. Trump first told media he didn’t see the video, then said he didn’t make a mistake. Karoline Leavitt defended the post, trying to reframe it as a “Lion King” theme, and told media this was “fake outrage” from the Left. The White House even tried to blame the post on a White House staffer. After backlash from both sides of the aisle, the post was taken down, 12 hours later.

2026-02-06 Trump launched TrumpRX.




2026-02-08 During a press conference Winter Olympics skiers expressed concern about the situation in the U.S. The commentary went viral, specifically that of Hunter Hess who stated he had “mixed emotions” about representing the U.S. and did not agree with everything that was going on. After the press conference, the skiers received multiple threats of harm and violence from both Trump and his followers.

2026-02-08 The New York Times reported that more than 2,000 health clinics worldwide had closed after USAID reductions. Other reports linked the cuts to preventable child deaths from malnutrition and illness. 

2026-02-08 Multiple far-right commentators complained that the halftime show wasn’t unifying enough, claimed it was sexualized, and whined about the performance being in Spanish. 




2026-02-09 Discord and other platforms announced global age-verification systems requiring IDs or face scans.

2026-02-09 Lake Erie developed a roughly 100-mile ice crack linked to unusually warm conditions.

2026-02-09 Ghislaine Maxwell invoked the Fifth Amendment during a deposition. Her attorney stated she would be, ““prepared to speak fully and honestly if granted clemency by President Trump”.

2026-02-09 Several March for Life attendees were exposed to measles according to DC health officials.

2026-02-09 The headline from the Springfield News-Sun says it all: "Bomb threats, suspicious packages in Springfield prompt evacuations - Bomb threats that said Haitian immigrants should be gone from Springfield were sent to several Clark County offices Monday morning." 

2026-02-09 A group of multifaith organizations sued Trump’s “Religious Liberty Commission” for a lack of diversity.




2026-02-10 RFK’s RealFood.gov used Grok for nutrition advice, but users reported bizarre and unsafe responses. In one user experience, the platform gave a recommendation to insert food into the rectum. 

2026-02-10 Some consumers opted out of Amazon Ring after expanded surveillance capabilities were revealed.

2026-02-10 A grand jury refused to indict the veteran lawmakers who urged servicemembers to refuse illegal orders.

2026-02-10 Nebraska became one of the first states to incorporate extreme-right Turning Point USA indoctrination clubs into schools. The governor stated, “I see it as right and wrong, God and Satan”.

2026-02-10 Crypto and BitCoin collapsed under Trump, dropping by 45% since October 2025.

2026-02-10 Due to the Trump pressure campaign, Cuba was not able to fuel their airplanes.

2026-02-10 On Piers Morgan, Megyn Kelly was outraged about Bad Bunny performing at the Superbowl in Spanish, stating “who gives a damn that we have 40 million Spanish speakers in the United States?” and, “this is supposed to be a unifying event for the country, not for the Latinos, not for a small group, but for the country. We don’t need a black national anthem”. She went on to say multiple racist things, then attacked Piers Morgan’s home country by stating “This is why you in Great Britain have lost your culture. You seeded your culture to a bunch of radical Muslims….”. So she basically attacked any non-white group in under 3 minutes over a Superbowl halftime show being performed in Spanish. Very telling.

2026-02-10 Buddhist monks walked 108 days from Texas to Washington DC in a walk for peace.

2026-02-10 Andy Ogles requested an investigation into the Super Bowl halftime show.



2026-02-11 The Pentagon shut down El Paso airport claiming it was due to a “cartel drone”. The Pentagon issued an uncoordinated attack and fired upon what ended up being a stray party balloon. Sean Duffy posted, “the treat has been neutralized”. 

2026-02-11 The Pentagon abruptly shut down El Paso Airport over a mistaken “cartel drone” scare involving a party balloon. First they said the shutdown was due to a “Mexican cartel drone”, then Sean Duffy posted “the threat has been neutralized".

2026-02-11 The House Budget Committee reported findings that personal bankruptcy increased by 11% during Trump’s first year.

2026-02-11 Gallup announced that after 88 years, it would no longer track presidential approval ratings.

2026-02-11 The White House removed a rainbow Pride Flag from the Stonewall National Monument in New York City.

2026-02-11 During his podcast Nick Fuentes stated women get sent to the gulags first and then they will “determine who the good ones are after the fact”. He also called them “breeding gulags”. The quote cited in an article reads, “So just like Hitler imprisoned Gypsies, Jews, communists, you know, all of his political rivals, we have to do the same thing with women. And we’ll sort it out. We’ll find the good ones. They can prove themselves. Then we’ll let them go. So they go to the gulag first. They go to the breeding gulags. The good ones will be liberated. The bad ones will toil in the mines forever. Trump has invited this person into the White House for dinner. 




2026-02-12 Trump reversed Obama-era greenhouse-gas regulations.

2026-02-12 Trump pardoned five former NFL players convicted of crimes ranging from perjury to drug trafficking.

2026-02-12 Mexico sent their naval ships to Cuba to provide humanitarian aid.

2026-02-12 Trump nominated Jeremy Carl who faces scrutiny for his views on the Great Replacement theory and comments made about Jewish people.

2026-02-12 GEO Group profited from ICE detention centers and private prisons.



2026-02-13 Corey Lewandowski and Kristi Noem reportedly tried to fire a Coast Guard pilot after an incident involving a forgotten blanket

2026-02-13 “The Epstein Class War”: the wealthy and well-connected remain insulated from consequences as they hold all the political power.  

2026-02-13 Trump endorsed Viktor Orbán ahead of Hungary’s April elections and sent Marco Rubio and JD Vance to visit him.

2026-02-13 New York politicians proposed banning protests with a 25-foot buffer zone around every house of worship.

2026-02-13 Former ICE attorney Ryan Schwank left the agency stating, “"I swore an oath to uphold the Constitution when I joined ICE…I followed it when I resigned…The legally required training program at the ICE academy is deficient, defective, and broken." The full video is on CSPAN, but some of the clips I watched he cited he was duty bound to report that the legally required training for ICE was deficient, cut down by at least 240 hours, instructors were receiving secretive orders to violate the Constitution, and they ceased all the legal instruction regarding use of force to name a few.

2026-02-13 OpenAI retired GPT-4 in favor of GPT-5, upsetting users attached to chatbot personalities.




2026-02-14 DHS reportedly requested identifying information on online users critical of ICE.

2026-02-14 At the annual Munich Security Conference Senator Lindsey Graham called for a regime change in Iran, stating, “If we back out now, it’ll be the biggest mistake we’ve made, far worse than the Syrian red line, far worse than Afghanistan”.

2026-02-14 According to Reuters, courts have ruled by now 4,400 times that ICE jailed people illegally.




2026-02-15 Despite outstanding and heavily redacted records, Pam Bondi and the DOJ announced no additional Epstein files would be released.

2026-02-15 A global push for online age verification accelerated. Peter Thiel-backed Persona became a major provider.





2026-02-16 Israel continued strikes on Gaza, and on this date killed at least 11, making the death toll at least 600 since the US “brokered” a peace deal and wounding at least 1,600.

2026-02-16 The FCC chair contacted CBS directly to warn them not to broadcast an interview with James Talarico on the Late Night Show with Stephen Colbert over equal time rules.

2026-02-16 Healthcare advocates call for RFK to resign after he downplayed the risks of COVID 19 by saying he used to quote, “snort cocaine off of toilet seats” during a podcast interview with Theo Vaugn. He stated, “I’m not scared of a germ. You know, I used to snort cocaine off of toilet seats”. Protect Our Care stated, “Robert F Kennedy Jr continues to lay bare why he is the most dangerous, in over his head, ill-suited person ever to lead such an important federal agency that has life-and-death power”.

2026-02-16 A federal judge ordered the Trump administration to return Babson College student Annie Lucia Lopez Belloza after she was wrongfully deported to Honduras in November while she was flying home to surprise her family for Thanksgiving. She was told there was an issue with her boarding pass at the gate and then detained by federal agents.   

2026-02-16 The Trump administration announced plans to spend $38B to acquire warehouses across the US to retrofit them into detention centers.

2026-02-16 Two ICE agents were suspended and faced a criminal investigation for lying about shooting a Venezuelan immigrant Julio Cesar Sosa Celles and his cousin Alfredo Alejandro Aljouro on **January 14****th****2026**. DHS claimed the two attacked ICE agents with a snow shovel and broom, and Kristi Noem claimed it was an “attempted murder of federal law enforcement”, but video evidence contradicted DHS and Noem’s claims.

2026-02-16 DHS announced it would not be sharing evidence with local Minnesota investigators on the Alex Pretti murder.

2026-02-16 Donald Trump endorsed Texas GOP candidate and MAGA donor Jace Yarbrough, who buys into the great replacement theory and some outlets have reported on having extremist views.




2026-02-17 Meta secured a patent for AI systems that could imitate deceased relatives online.

2026-02-17 DHS repeated partisan shutdown messaging on official websites, “Another Democrat Government Shutdown Dramatically Hurts America’s National Security”.

2026-02-17 RFK and Kid Rock made a shirtless workout video together. 

2026-02-17 Kristi Noem allegedly diverted Coast Guard resources from a rescue mission to immigration enforcement.

2026-02-17 A judge ordered the Trump administration to reinstate a slavery exhibit at the Presidential House in Philadelphia, citing George Orwell’s 1984, comparing the Trump administration to the book’s totalitarian regime which revised historical records to align with its own narratives.


2026-02-18 Western digital and several other companies announced that due to AI data center demands, nearly all their hard drive stock is sold out.

2026-02-18 AI data center demand caused hard-drive shortages and rising NAND prices, while reports claimed over 80% of companies saw no productivity gains from AI. This affects everything from TV replacement, devices, buying RAM, gamer PCs, and upgrading or replacing your computer, to name a short few.

2026-02-18 Pope Leo and the Vatican rejected Trump’s invitation to join the board of peace.

2026-02-18 The FCC initiated an investigation into The View for broadcasting an interview with James Talarico, also citing the equal time rule. Note: cable networks like Fox and OAN, and conservative talk radio are exempt from this rule. 

2026-02-18 Kansas lawmakers passed an anti-transgender measure to restrict access to bathrooms and locker rooms in public buildings based on sex assigned at birth and rolled back gender markers on driver’s licenses and birth certificates.




2026-02-19 Trump hung another banner of himself, this time over the Department of Justice.

2026-02-19 Trump declared himself "totally exonerated" regarding Epstein-related allegations while the Justice Department continued withholding certain records. The DOJ reportedly withheld documents naming Trump in an alleged sexual assault of a 13-year-old girl.

2026-02-19 The Federal Reserve signaled they would have to raise interest rates.

2026-02-19 JP Morgan reported that mid-size companies were hit the hardest from tariffs and that manufacturing jobs were not actually coming back to the U.S. like Trump promised.

2026-02-19 Pete Hegseth sent out a memo, pressuring DoD employees to volunteer for immigration enforcement with DHS on up to 180-day rotations.




2026-02-20 Mark Zuckerberg wore Ray-Ban smart glasses during court proceedings.

2026-02-20 After the Supreme Court struck down his tariffs in a 6–3 ruling, Trump criticized the Court as disloyal to the Constitution and unpatriotic. The following day, he raised global tariffs to 15% in retaliation.

2026-02-20 Trump gave Iran a 10-to-15-day deadline for Iran to reach a nuclear deal or face “really bad things”.

2026-02-20 Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy announced CDL drivers would have to take their commercial drivers tests in English, citing it would increase safety. 




2026-02-21 Mike Johnson denied requests to let Reverend Jesse Jackson lie in honor at the Capitol.



2026-02-22 Kash Patel entered the U.S. Olympic hockey locker room chugging beer.

2026-02-22 Trump threatened Netflix with consequences unless it removed board member Susan Rice. 

2026-02-22 In the wake of the men’s hockey team victory, conservative commentators on Fox referred to the Canadian team as “communists”, with one saying, “Gotta go all the way back to 1980 when we defeated the Soviets. This felt just as sweet because I guess since we don’t have Russia to kick around anymore, Canada will do” and another saying, “They’re practically communists, and they’re cozying up to the Chinese. Also out of left field, one conservative commentator praised the win as a show of masculinity. Benny Johnson stated, quote, “Masculinity and celebration – these are things that, like, have been completely and totally sanitized from our **arch-feminist** culture, our **estrogen-etic** culture”. By the way, neither one of those are words.




2026-02-24 During the State of the Union Trump joked about U.S. strikes on Venezuelan boats in the Caribbean that killed hundreds of people, “We very seriously damaged their fishing industry, also. Also, nobody wants – nobody wants to go fishing anymore”.

2026-02-24 Kash Patel used the FBI jet and taxpayer money to fly to Italy for the Olympics.

2026-02-24 During the State of the Union, Trump stated, “The Somali pirates who ransacked Minnesota remind us that there are large parts of the world where bribery, corruption and lawlessness are the norm, not the exception. Importing these cultures through unrestricted immigration and open borders brings those problems right here to the USA, and it is the American people who pay the price in higher medical bills, car insurance rates, rent, taxes, and perhaps most importantly, crime.” Representative Ilhan Omar looked on in horror, while JD Vance and Mike Johnson laughed and applauded.

2026-02-24 During the State of the Union address, Representative Al Green was kicked out for holding up a sign “Black people are not apes” in response to Trump’s racist AI video depicting the Obamas as apes.




2026-02-25 Trump proposed turning the East Potomac into a golf course.

2026-02-25 Companies are marketing skincare products to very young girls, including children as young as three.

2026-02-25 Dr. Oz and JD Vance placed a 6-month moratorium on enrollments for medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies, claiming it was all too subject to fraudulent activity. Governor Tim Walz responded, “This has nothing to do with fraud. This is a campaign of retribution. Trump is weaponizing the entirety of the federal government to punish blue states like Minnesota”.

2026-02-25 Paramount Skydance outbid Netflix to buy all of Warner Brothers Discovery.

2026-02-25 Reports show the current global population is over 8 billion, compared to 1.4 billion in 1900. 

2026-02-25 The UK introduced compulsory labeling of halal and kosher products. The argument is between animal welfare and religious freedom. 





2026-02-26 Senator Elissa Slotkin questioned Pentagon officials about mass surveillance of Americans.

2026-02-26 Trump sent two corrupt real-estate brokers – Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner – to Geneva to discuss nuclear talks with Iran. This came two days before the US and Israel surprise-attacked Iran and launched missiles, including killing 170 schoolchildren.

2026-02-26 ICE detained then released blind Nurul Amim Shah Alam miles away from home and didn’t notify his family. The family reported him missing and then found him dead outside in the cold.

2026-02-26 NVIDIA’s driver updated focused on vibecoding. 

2026-02-26 Lauren Boebert leaked a Hillary Clinton deposition photo to a podcaster. 



2026-02-27 A Washington State DOL AI phone system offered English support through a chatbot with a heavy Spanish accent instead of the actual Spanish language.

2026-02-27 Anthropic said it refused Pentagon demands involving domestic surveillance and autonomous weapons after being threatened with “supply chain risk” designation. The CEO of Anthropic stated they could not – in good conscience – agree to the terms the Pentagon was asking for.

2026-02-27 In a second incident, the Pentagon shot down a border patrol drone over Fort Hancock outside El Paso Texas.

2026-02-27 During an interview with Piers Morgan, Lauren Boebert couldn’t answer what inflation was.

2026-02-27 Pete Hegseth said the US Armed Forces will only support Scouting America if it complies with EO 14173 to end DEI and ban trans kids. He wrote, “Boy scouts should to back to being the Boy Scouts and originally founded, a group that develops boys into men”.

2026-02-27 North Dakota judge ordered Greenpeace to pay $345 million in damages related to Dakota Access Pipeline protests.

2026-02-27 Trump tried to push an executive order granting him total emergency federal oversight of upcoming elections, again alleging fraud in the 2020 election and interference by China.

2026-02-27 After the Supreme Court ruled Trump’s tariffs illegal, Trump administration officials devised legal strategies to pocket the tariffs regardless.

2026-02-27 ICE lied to gain access to campus housing by saying they were looking for a missing child.

2026-02-27 The Trump administration aimed to process 4500 white-only refugees per month from South Africa and installed trailers at the U.S. embassy in Pretoria for refugee processing.

2026-02-27 The Colorado River is drying up.




2026-02-28 On the first day of Trump’s elective war in Iran, the US –  in joint efforts with Israel – bombed an all-girl’s school, killing at least 170 schoolgirls. The US did not seek Congressional or international approval and had no proof there was an imminent threat. Before an investigation was opened, Trump claimed maybe Iran bombed themselves. 

2026-02-28 The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported a sharp drop of 92,000 jobs and an unemployment rate of 4.4%.


### 2026 March

2026-03-01 OpenAI replaced Anthropic in the Pentagon deal.

2026-03-01 After the US bombed Iran, the US State Department had made no plans on how to evacuate American citizens from the region. They told them to find their own way out.

2025-03-01 A leaked email from the Social Security Commissioner warned about privatizing social security and adding AI automation to replace call center staff.

2026-03-01 Trump peddled a veteran’s edition of his Trump bible for $99.99 on his website and on eBay.

2026-03-01 After Trump surprise-attacked Iran oil prices soared. Trump even mused over plans to purchase oil from Russia.

2026-03-01 Pete Hegseth ordered a ban on US troops attending graduate-level programs at Ivy League and other top-tier universities, labelling them “woke breeding grounds of toxic indoctrination”.



2026-03-02 Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said there would be no "stupid" rules of engagement governing military operations against Iran.

2026-03-02 Tennessee moved to pass HB793 and SB 836 to force students to show their papers before enrolling.

2026-03-02 South Bow revealed plans to revive parts of the Keystone pipeline project.

2026-03-02 Six American soldiers were killed in Kuwait.

2026-03-02 Haitian asylum seeker Daffy Michelle’s body was found in a Pittsburg bus stop where ICE had left her. Allegheny County Medical Examiners wrote, “The opinion of the forensic pathologist in this case is that Ms. Michel was a vulnerable adult, suffering from untreated severe mental health issues and a significant language barrier when she was released from federal custody on Federal 27.” It was deemed a homicide in June. 


2026-03-03 Several sources reported that servicemembers were calling in complaints because their commanders were framing the war in Iran as a biblical mandate, and that commanders were telling them Trump was anointed by God to light the signal fire in Iran to cause Armageddon. The Military Religious Freedom Foundation reported receiving hundreds of complaints from servicemembers across all branches of the military.

2026-03-03 RFK challenged Dunkin and Starbucks, demanding proof that their iced beverages were safe to drink.

2026-03-03 Nick Fuentes criticized Trump's pro-Israel and anti-Iran policies as inconsistent with nationalist principles.


2026-03-04 Media outlets published the names of the children killed by the U.S. TOMAHAWK MISSILE in Minab, Iran. When questioned, Trump claimed Iran had hit itself with its own missile, while other administration officials said the incident remained under investigation. 

2025-03-04 Trump falsely claimed over 16 million people aged 100 to 360 were illegally receiving Social Security.

2026-03-04 Fast-food CEOs did cameos of themselves eating their own food as a promotion to boost sales.

2026-03-04 Trump bombed another boat in the Eastern Pacific, stating they worked closely with Ecuador. This brought the death toll up to at least 157 people since the Trump administration began targeting so-called “narco-terrorists” in small vessels in early September 2025.

2026-03-04 Numerous explanations emerged as to why the US started a war with Iran.
Trump said it was because he believed Iran was about to strike first. Trump also said it was because Iran was developing long range missiles that would threaten European allies, despite a Defense assessment from 2025 stating to the contrary that Tehran would not have ballistic missiles until 2035.

~~~ list
~~~ Mike Johnson said that Iran had a “misguided religion”, while other leaders also indicated this was to crush the theocratic government.
~~~ High-ranking Iranian officials deemed this a holy war (Jihad).
~~~ Marco Rubio said it was because Iran would retaliate if Israel struck first so that’s why the US struck ahead of the Israeli Defense Forces.
~~~ Pete Hegseth said Iran had an arsenal of ballistic missiles and killer drones which they were allegedly using to create a shield for “nuclear blackmail ambitions”.
~~~ The Omani foreign minister said they were making substantial progress in talks with the US before the strikes. Trump said he wasn’t happy with how the talks were progressing and that “they’re not willing to give us what we have to have”.
~~~ Jewish news sources reported that the US did what Netanyahu had “wanted to do for years”. 
~~~



2026-03-05 Trump fired Kristi Noem and replaced her with Markwayne Mullin after her unauthorized $250M ad campaign. 

2026-03-05 Trump suggested Cuba could become a future target of U.S. pressure, saying it was "going to fall.”

2026-03-05 Pam Bondi sought to limit ethics investigations involving DOJ attorneys by proposing a regulation which would allow the DOJ to head off state bar investigations. 

2026-03-05 In reference to the war in Iran, Trump stated, “It’s over when I want it to be” and “We don’t want them to put anybody in there unless it is approved by us”.

2026-03-05 Marine Veteran Brian McGinnis was forcibly removed from a Senate hearing after protesting the US war campaign in Iran. His arm was broken.

2026-03-05 The US sunk an **unarmed** Iranian naval ship in international waters that was participating in naval exercises hosted by India. The Sri Lanka Navy recovered 87 bodied and 32 survivors.

2026-03-05 The US asked Ukraine for help shooting down Iranian drones.

2026-03-05 The war in Iran quickly became a global one with more than 20 countries involved.

2026-03-05 The Miami Herald reported more leaked GOP chats from WhatsApp involving heavy use of the n-word, calling women “whores”, and explaining multiple ways how to kill Black people.  The group chat featured multiple prominent figures including individuals known to start pro-life groups, some leadership of Turning Point USA, and a county GOP secretary.

2026-03-05 Andy Biggs questioned military posture and federal overreach tied to Trump policy directions.


2026-03-06 Anthropic sued the Pentagon after being labeled a supply chain risk for refusing military AI demands.

2026-03-06 Trump minimized dangers in the Strait of Hormuz before tanker attacks occurred. He said to Brian Kilmeade on Fox news, “There’s nothing to be afraid of” and quipped that the oil tanker crews should “show some guts”. Six tankers were struck, and media posted video of fuel tankers burning near Al Faw Port of Basra, Iraq on March 12.

2026-03-06 Trump demanded Iran's "UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER" in a social media post

2026-03-06 Trump accused Bill Maher of having “Trump Derangement Syndrome” after Maher criticized Trump. Bill Maher responded, “I go by what George Bush said to Obama on the day he was inaugurated: ‘We want you to succeed’. I always want the American president to succeed, and I do give credit when you have. But there’s lots of stuff you do that is not my idea of success and I have every right to say so in a democracy…it’s not derangement for me to be always calling out the election denying obsession you have, or the pardons from my friends and punishment for my enemies mode of governing, or the side deals for your family that always seem to be part of everything. We see how rich you’ve all become, but the people of West Virginia don’t seem to be feeling the winning.”


2026-03-06 Nick Fuentes and Mark Levin publicly feuded over the Iran conflict.


***EVIDENCE OF TORTURE*** 
2026-03-06 Local 911 authorities in Texas received hundreds of distressed 911 calls from the Camp Montana East ICE detention facility for multiple concerns including suicide attempts, seizures, fight injuries, malnutrition, medical neglect, overcrowding, emotional distress and pregnancy complications.



2026-03-07 Trump wore campaign merchandise during a military dignified transfer and used the images in a fundraising email which read, “This is President Donald J. Trump. I made a special announcement to the public an hour ago. For the very first time ever, I’m opening up spots on the National Security Briefing membership. Claim your spot”. Then it offers a link to donate.

2026-03-07 Southwest Michigan experienced unusually early and destructive tornadoes amid broader increases in extreme weather and rising insurance costs.

2026-03-07 Trump announced a new militant coalition “Shield of the Americas” to develop a tougher approach to regional security. The summit included attendees like Bukele, would be led by people like Kristi Noem, and includes additional objectives like putting pressure on Latin America to sever ties with China.

2026-03-07 A small plaque was quietly installed in the Capitol at 4am without ceremony in honor of the law enforcement agents who lost their lives during the insurrection. It was placed in a location where visitors do not go.



2026-03-08 Trump threatened to block legislation until Congress passed the SAVE Act.

2026-03-08 Hegseth refused to rule out ground troops in Iran during a 60 Minutes interview. The interviewer asked, “Will there be boots on the ground in Iran”. Hegseth replied, “I wouldn’t tell you that if we did”, and, “Yes, but we reserve the right and we would be completely unwise if we did not reserve the right to take any particular option, whether it included boots on the ground or no boots on the ground”.

2026-03-08 The son of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Mojtaba Khameni, took over as supreme leader of Iran. Trump told Time Magazine, “I’m not going through this to end up with another Khamenei. I want to be involved in the selection”. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said, “I believe it’s just a matter of time before he meets the same fate as that of his father – one of the most evil men on the planet”.

2026-03-08 On Newsmax, Michael Savage attacked Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens, accusing them of promoting extremist ideas, “I’m sick of the racialist vermin who follow Tucker Carlson and that psychotic Candy – whatever her name is. You’re basically crypto-Nazis, no matter what you say….Carlson and Candace espouse Nazi bloodline testing…” 



2026-03-09 The White House launched meme-heavy propaganda campaigns celebrating the Iran war, splicing real war images with action-movie clips, tv shows, and video games. They used Braveheart, Superman, Top Gun, Breaking Bad, Iron Man, songs from Toby Keith about 9/11, NFL college football tackles, Major League Baseball home runs, Call of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, Mortal Kombat, Halo, and fire emojis, among several other things. One actor was quoted as saying he had, “no interest in being part of your propaganda machine”. 

2026-03-09 Trump reposted a prophecy video describing him as divinely chosen. See video “Kim Clement prophesying about Donald Trump, 2007”.  

2026-03-09 Lindsey Graham said the Iran war would make the U.S. “a ton of money.” 

2026-03-09 Congressman Michael Cloud argued charity should not be government-compelled through taxes. 

2026-03-09 Trump bought cabinet members oversized Florsheim shoes. One person in the White House reportedly stated recipients were “afraid not to wear them”.

2026-03-09 Following U.S. strikes on Iranian oil facilities, toxic “black rain” and hazardous air pollution affected Tehran.

2026-03-09 Trump called the war in Iran a “little excursion”.

2026-03-09 The Trump administration left U.S. citizens and people who helped the U.S. fight the Taliban stranded in Qatar after the U.S. withdrawal in 2021.


2026-03-10 The war in Iran affected global fertilizer trade and global helium supplies.

2026-03-10 Pete Hegseth used taxpayer money for a lavish spending spree while SNAP expired: $9M on crab legs, $6.9M on lobster tail, $98,000 for a grand piano, $5.3M on Apple devices, $15.1M for steak, $124,000 on ice cream machines, $139,000 on doughnut orders, $225M on furniture, $12,000 for fruit basket stands, and $50.1B on grants and contracts.

2026-03-10 When asked about the US bombing a girl’s school in Iran, Trump claimed that Iran launched a Tomahawk missile on itself. Meanwhile, Pete Hegseth and Karoline Leavitt contradicted Trump’s certainty, saying it was still under investigation.

2026-03-10 Americans pulled money out of their 401k funds at record rates.

2026-03-10 The first six days of the war in Iran cost American taxpayers $11B.

2026-03-10 Talk emerged about reinstating the military draft. Although no plans were confirmed, GOP leaders didn’t say the option wasn’t on the table.

2026-03-10 In under two weeks, the US soldier death toll in Iran reached approximately 170 soldiers.

2026-03-10 In under two weeks, 700,000 Lebanese people had been displaced. Israel launched an attack on the capital and struck civilians in an apartment building.

2026-03-10 During a press conference, Karoline Leavitt listed reasons why Trump pushed the SAVE act. She claimed Democrats were spreading false narratives that the SAVE act would make voting for married women more difficult. She also stated the SAVE act abolishes the “unsecure practice of mail in ballots” and cited that Jimmy Carter also concluded mail-in ballots were the largest source of potential fraud,  but right after this reason she diverted to discussions of transgender, stating the SAVE Act “permanently bans men from competing in women’s sports” and “bans transgender mutilation surgery for children”, stating this act was rooted in “common sense”.

2026-03-10 Trump appointed Erika Kirk to the Air Force Academy board to push Turning Point USA indoctrination on the U.S. military.



2026-03-11 The Pentagon banned reporters from taking “unflattering” photos of Hegseth.

2026-03-11 A new Trump-Epstein statue was erected, this time re-enacting the pose from the movie ‘Titanic’.

2026-03-11 Senator John Husted said, “People living in poverty are not experienced at navigating the real world”.

2026-03-11 Joe Rogan criticized Trump's handling of the Iran war.




2026-03-12 Kash Patel said FBI agents would train with UFC fighters.

2026-03-12 Trump wrote on Truth Social, “the Iran National Soccer Team is welcome to The World Cup, but I really don’t believe it is appropriate that they be there, for their own life and safety. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DONALD J. TRUMP”.

2026-03-12 A synagogue in Michigan was attacked.

2026-03-12 One person was killed and two more were wounded at ROTC Old Dominion University after a gunman with a history of political violence opened fire.

2026-03-12 Media sources reported up to 3 million people had been displaced so far due to the war in Iran.

2026-03-12 A U.S. Air Force KC-135 crashed during combat operations against Iran. Six servicemembers died.

2026-03-12 In May of 2025 Trump had accused South Africa of white genocide and invited white South Afrikaners to migrate to the U.S. By March 2026, those who migrated to the U.S. decided it would be best to return to South Africa, citing a better cost of living in South Africa, less racism, and concerns over growing violence from the Trump regime such as the execution of American citizens by ICE. One article quotes a South Afrikaner as stating, **“People are being shot in broad daylight. American citizens are being shot and killed. I don’t want to live in a place like this”.**

2026-03-12 During a rally in Arkansas to integrate “Club America” in schools, Erika Kirk pushed white victimhood and white nationalist views onto students, “…just like you and other governors who have been bold enough to stand alongside us to make sure that Charlie’s dream of having a club America on every single high school campus….someone throws all of your resources on the ground, count it all joy. You are being persecuted because you believe in Jesus Christ. Count it all joy….Don’t let anyone disenfranchise you because you’re a young man, especially a young white male man. Don’t ever let anyone talk down to you. We need strong men out there. ….God has created you for a purpose and a reason far greater than you and I will ever know on this side of heaven. But just know that as long as you’re a part of Turning Point USA, you have us by your side, and we will be there for you every step of the way. And just like this governor and many others that are out there, we got your back, always”.

2026-03-12 Costco announced a partnership with Sesame and IVI RMA North America to offer discounted IVF treatment.

2026-03-12 Candace Owens broke with Trump over Israel and Iran policy.

2026-03-12 Congressman Randy fine posted on social media, “We need more Islamophobia, not less. Fear of Islam is rational”.



2026-03-13 Pete Hegseth stated that “no quarter” will be shown to Iran. He stated, quote, “We will keep pressing. We will keep pushing, keep advancing. No quarter, no mercy for our enemies”. Senator Mark Kelly of Arizona stated, “No quarter isn’t some wannabe tough guy line. It means something”. To give ‘no quarter’ means to take no prisoners and kill them instead. This violates the law of armed conflict.

2026-03-13 The Senate passed a bipartisan bill aimed at lowering housing costs. The bill passed 89 to 10.

2026-03-13 Republicans blocked measures to fund TSA, FEMA and other agencies including legislation by Senator Patty Murray to pay TSA agents.

2026-03-13 The Pentagon sent Marines to the Middle East after a week of not answering reporters if there would be boots on the ground.

2026-03-13 Laura Loomer and Tucker Carlson exchanged personal attacks during a dispute involving allegations of antisemitism.



2026-03-14 Trump received a $10B transactional payout for brokering TikTok’s sale to Larry Ellison. 

2026-03-14 Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth criticized media coverage of the Iran conflict and accused reporters of misrepresenting events. One article quoted Hegseth as saying, “The sooner David Ellison takes over that network, the better” in reference to CNN.

2026-03-14 FCC’s Brendan Carr threatened the media and wrote on X, “Broadcasters are running hoaxes and news distortions – also known as the fake news – have a chance now to correct course before their license renewals come up. The law is clear. Broadcasters must operate in the public interest, and they will lose their licenses if they do not. And frankly, changing course is in their own business interests since trust in legacy media has now fallen to an all time low of just 9% and are ratings disasters. The American people have subsidized broadcasters to the tune of billions of dollars by providing free access to the nation’s airwaves. It is very important to bring trust back into media, which has earned itself the label of fake news. When a political candidate is able to win a landslide election victory after in the face of hoaxes and distortions, there is something very wrong. It means the public has lost faith and confidence in the media. And we can’t allow that to happen. Time for change!”

2026-03-14 The administration approved BP’s $5 billion deep-water drilling project in the Gulf of Mexico despite concerns about marine ecosystems and BP’s Deepwater Horizon history. This will threaten deep sea ecosystems and marine life.

2026-03-14 The Ukraine sent military experts to assist the U.S. in countering Iranian drones in the Gulf. Meanwhile, sources reported that Russia and China were providing military cooperation to Iran.



2026-03-15 Trump reportedly joked about bombing Iran during a phone interview with NBC, ““…we may hit it a few more times just for fun”.



2026-03-16 Leaks revealed that DOGE used ChatGPT to decide who and what to cut.

2026-03-16 Trump publicly revealed Florida Representative Neal Dunn’s terminal diagnosis.

2026-03-16 The White House arts commission proposed removing White House columns.

2026-03-16 Trump said he intended to "take" Cuba and threatened continued energy restrictions unless Cuban leadership changed. He said, “I do believe I’ll have the honor of taking Cuba”. He also stated, “I can do anything I want”. 

2026-03-16 Federal Judge Timothy Brooks ruled that Arkansas's Ten Commandments classroom law violated the Constitution's Establishment and Free Exercise Clauses and wrote, “Act 573’s purpose is only to display a sacred religious text in a prominent place in every public school classroom, and the only reason to display a sacred religious text in every classroom is to proselytize to children”.

2026-03-16 Trump demanded NATO allies assist with securing the Strait of Hormuz in Iran, but NATO allies refused, saying this is not NATO’s war. Trump stated they had made a ‘foolish mistake’.

2026-03-16 US District Judge Brian Murphy blocked RFK’s attempts to slash recommended vaccines for infants – including his attempt to eliminate childhood vaccines for hepatitis A, hepatitis B, RSV, Dengue fever, and two types of bacterial meningitis.  He wrote in his ruling, “There is a method to how these decisions historically have been made – a method scientific in  nature and codified into law through procedural requirements. Unfortunately, the Government has disregarded those methods and thereby undermined the integrity of its actions”. The judge also found that RFK violated the law when he fired all 17 board members of the CDC.

2026-03-16 Megyn Kelly criticized Trump's interventionist foreign-policy direction.

2026-03-16 Michael Savage proposed homeless internment camps during a Newsmax interview. 



2026-03-17 Senator Slotkin introduced the AI Guardrails Act addressing autonomous weapons, surveillance, and nuclear defense.

2026-03-17 Trump requested an addition $200B for his elective war in Iran, claiming it, “would be over soon”. Meanwhile hundreds of TSA workers quit their jobs due to no pay while Trump ensured DHS received their paychecks. For contrast, the war in Iraq cost $815B over the course of 13 years. Fast-forward, the US entered a deal with Iran in June to give them $300B for reconstruction. 

2026-03-17 Trump said Newsom shouldn’t be president because he has dyslexia. He stated in the Oval Office, “…with a low IQ person, you know, ‘cuz Gavin New-Scum has admitted that he has a – that he has learning disabilities. Honestly, I’m all for people with learning disabilities but not for my President, um, I want…I think a President should not have a learning disability, okay? And, I know it’s highly controversial to say such a horrible thing. The President of the United States, Gavin New-Scum admitted that he has learning disabilities, dyslexia….”

2026-03-17 A US-Israeli bombing killed a 3-day-old infant, his 2-year-old sister, and their mother and grandmother.

2026-03-17 Half the country faced extreme threats while the other half sat under a heat-dome in triple digit weather.

2026-03-17 Trump offered a $1B payoff to big energy companies to walk away from their wind farm leases. 

2026-03-17 The Counter-Terrorism Center director and retired combat veteran Joe Kent resigned over the Iran war. In a letter he wrote, “I cannot in good conscience support the ongoing war in Iran. Iran posed no imminent threat to our nation, and it is clear that we started this war due to pressure from Israel and its powerful American lobby”. Trump said, *”I always thought he was a nice guy but I always thought he was weak on security”*.  Two days later the FBI conducted an investigation into Joe Kent for alleged leaks.

2026-03-17 Israel reported they killed Ali Larajani. Larajani was one of the powerful figures in Iran who helped direct nuclear negotiations with the U.S. This came days after he participated in a march in Tehran in protest of the war. Israel also reported assassination of Gholamreza Soleimani, Iran’s Basij force commander.

2026-03-17 A US-Israeli bombing killed a 3-day-old infant, his 2-year-old sister, and their mother and grandmother.

2026-03-17 Fox News peddled a gay conspiracy about the new Iranian ayatollah

2026-03-17 During a sermon Trump’s former Department of State Director and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense William Wolfe stated, *”…we should not blink. We should not hesitate to tell people. Not because we are so wise. Not because we made the rules of the world – we didn’t. We humbly submit to how God made the rules of the world and we say, ‘this is how we should order our lives together’. And frankly, yes, we are going to impose it upon you. If you don’t like it, I’m sorry, but this is good and right and just if it lines up with God’s standards, and I am going to enforce my morality on you in as much as our morality is God’s morality, and you should always check yourselves. I’m – you know, again – I’m not trying to puff you up. Check yourself. Do I believe what God believes? Am I defending what God says is good? And if it is, you should have the courage to say ‘This is how we’re going to run our town. This is how we’re going to run our county. This is how we’re going to run our State. And this is how we should run the United States of America by legislating the morality that we can find in the Bible’.”*

2026-03-17 Ohio introduced bill HB-754 which would require a State-run registry of pregnancies requiring providers to provide a certificate of life within ten days of detecting a fetal heartbeat.  It would also require death certificates be issued. If passing of the fetus (such as in miscarriage) is sudden, the provider is required to order an investigation into the death.

2026-03-17 Joe Kent criticized interventionist policies and the Iran conflict.


**DEATH THREATS DISGUISED AS PIETY**
2026-03-17 Pastor Brooks Potteiger prayed for James Talarico’s death during a podcast. 2026-03-25 James Talarico responded to pastor Brooks Potteiger’s violent rhetoric, “Jesus loves. Christian Nationalism kills. You may pray for my death, Pastor, but I still love you. I love you more than you could ever hate me”.

Potteiger: ”…public enemies. These are the orcs at the gate. You’re not called to love the barbarian horde that is planning to break into your city and – you know – pillage, plunder, rape, and mutilate you and your people. You don’t love that horde. That is your enemy! And you pray! This is where you have imprecatory Psalms. This is where you pray strongly. The Psalmnist [not a word] is not shy. God, destroy them! Make them as dung on the ground…I pray that God kills him. Ultimately, that means killing his heart and raising him up to new life in Christ. That’s the first thing…”

Host: ”We want him crucified…with Christ..”

Potteiger: "That’s exactly right!”

Host: ”I want him to be I think Saul of Tarsus, Talarico of Tarsus. That’s what I want. Who would say I was holding the garments while they stoned Steven, and now I’m the – yeah – that’s, that’s what we want.”

Potteiger: "Yes. We want death and new life, right? Um, and if it would not be within God’s will to do so, stop him by any means necessary, oh God.”




2026-03-18 Trump signed an anti-fraud executive order creating a task force chaired by JD Vance. The order focused on immigration fraud, welfare programs, touts a claim of “staggering fraud and waste in Minnesota alone”, and alleged misuse of federal funds while expanding federal oversight and coordination with Homeland Security.

2026-03-18 Kash Patel launched his own Nikes, which feature a Punisher logo, the number 9, and his podcaster moniker Ka$h.

2026-03-18 Ms. Rachel and other public figures launched a petition calling for closure of the Dilley, Texas ICE detention center after hearing accounts from detained children. Check out her petition on Change.org.

2026-03-18 Pam Bondi and Todd Blanche briefed a congressional committee on the Epstein investigation. The hearing included a heated exchange between Representatives Summer Lee and James Comer.

2026-03-18 During a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing, Senator John Ossoff asked, *”So the assessment of the intelligence community is that Iran’s nuclear enrichment program was obliterated by last summer’s air strikes?”*. (transcript is in the Iran section under Foreign Affairs)

2026-03-18 Trump posted, “For all of the Fake News out there, it’s called the SAVE AMERICA ACT, not the SAVE ACT. Nobody knows what the Save Act means!!!”.

2026-03-18 Senator Markwayne Mullin – who was selected to replace Kristi Noem as DHS secretary – said he regretted calling Alex Pretti a “deranged individual” during a Senate hearing.

2026-03-18 Ms. Rachel and other public figures launched a petition calling for closure of the Dilley, Texas ICE detention center after hearing accounts from detained children. Check out her petition on Change.org.


2026-03-19 Trump joked about Pearl Harbor during a visit from Japan’s Prime Minister. He said, “Who knows better about surprises than Japan?”

2026-03-19 During Senator Markwayne Mullin’s confirmation hearing before being appointed the new head of DHS, Rand Paul confronted Mullin about a past comment where he said he understood why Paul was assaulted and suffered rib fractures.

2026-03-19 Israel bombed the South Pars gas field, which holds 75% of gas in Iran.

2026-03-19 Scott Bessent said the US may lift sanctions on Iranian oil.

2026-03-19 The Iran war impacted food packaging, resin, aluminum and the polymer market. 

2026-03-19 Kash Patel had Nike design shoes for him. 



2026-03-20 Predominantly MAGA supporters were fooled by AI-generated MAGA influencer “Jessica Foster.”

2026-03-20 The Trump administration planned to display a statue of a slave owner for America’s 250th anniversary.

2026-03-20 FEMA official George Phillips claimed his truck levitated 40 miles and he was teleported to a Waffle House. Phillips promoted voter fraud allegations in 2016. 

2026-03-20 Hawaii faced the worst flooding in 20 years.

2026-03-20 In an interview with CNN’s Kaitlyn Collins, Scott Perry said he’d like to see Iran pay for the war.

2026-03-20 Netanyahu said he acted alone on the South Pars strike in Iran, and Trump claimed the U.S. knew nothing about the attack in advance, but another article reports that Israeli officials told them the strike was coordinated with the Trump administration in advance.

2026-03-20 Globally because of the Iran war people are rationing petrol, cutting out meals, and losing crops. 



2026-03-21 Trump celebrated Robert Mueller’s death online, writing, “Robert Mueller just died. Good, I’m glad he’s dead. He can no longer hurt innocent people! President DONALD J. TRUMP”

2026-03-21 Trump threatened to deploy ICE agents to airports unless Democrats approved additional DHS funding

2026-03-21 News sources reported that Russian intelligence proposed staging a fake assassination attempt on Orban ahead of their elections.





2026-03-22 During a Meet the Press interview, Scott Bessent was asked about the post from Trump responding to the death of Robert Mueller by saying he was glad Mueller was dead. The interviewer of Meet the Press asked, “Do you think it’s appropriate for the President of the United States to celebrate the death of an American citizen, someone who’s a bronze star, Purple Heart recipient, who’s served in Vietnam?” Bessent answered, “Kristin, I was with the President in the green room at Davos and there was a video playing of what may have been an illegal raid on his home at Mar-a-Lago – they’re going through his wife’s wardrobe…and I watched the look in his eye, and I think that neither one of us can understand what has been done to the President and to his family”.  

2026-03-22 Trump ordered a commemorative Trump coin.

2026-03-22 Trump posted on social media, “Now with the death of Iran, the greatest enemy America has is the Radical Left, Highly Incompetent, Democrat Party! Thank you for your attention to this matter. President DJT.

2026-03-22 An Air Canada jet hit a fire truck on the LaGuardia airport runway, killing 2 pilots.  When Trump was asked about the crash he said “Terrible. They made a mistake. It’s a dangerous business”.  

2026-03-22 During a GOP fundraising event Trump told the audience, “They don’t like the word ‘war’, because you’re supposed to get approval, so I’ll use the word ‘military operation’, which is really what it is”. He has also referred to the war as “an excursion”.

2026-03-22 La Guardia fatality.




2026-03-23 Steve Bannon described ICE deployments at airports as a potential "test run" for future election-related operations. He allegedly stated, “We can use this as a test run, as a test case, to really perfect ICE’s involvement in the 2026 midterms”.

2026-03-23 First, Trump threatened to bomb Iranian power plants if Iran didn’t open the Strait of Hormuz. Then on the 23rd he said he’d postpone the bombings for five days. He also announced on Truth Social that the US was having “constructive” talks with Iran about negotiations, but when asked Iranian officials said there were no such talks happening. Trump claimed he sent his son-in-law to conduct the so-called talks on Sunday March 22nd, and when asked by reporters who he talked to, Trump replied, “a top person”.

2026-03-23 Trump paid a French energy company $1B in American taxpayer money to cancel offshore wind farm projects outside New York and North Carolina.



2026-03-24 Only a few months after its launch, OpenAI shut down the Sora video app and a deal with Disney for $1B was cancelled. Some articles reported problematic content and harmful deepfakes, others reported copyright issues; and some articles indicated it was because the company was operating at a greater loss than expected.

2026-03-24 This time Democrats delayed forcing an Iran war-powers vote.

2026-03-24 In a statement, former Pentagon chief and widely regarded former Marine Jim Mattis said, “I can’t identify a lot of good options” to resolve the conflict (in Iran) without significant loss or long-term commitment. He also said, “I think that what we’re seeing is a situation where targetry never makes up for a lack of strategy”. FYI nicknames: “Warrior Monk”, “Mad-Dog Mattis”, and “General Chaos”.

2026-03-24 The “Border Czar” Tom Homan and Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy shared conflicting stories about ICE at our nation’s airports. Duffy claimed that ICE agents are well-trained on X-ray machines and identifying security risks, saying quote, “They know how to run the X-ray machines because they are, again, under homeland security”. Homan said they were NOT trained and won’t be handling that type of security detail, saying quote, “I don’t see an ICE agent looking at an X-ray machine, because we’re not trained in that”.

2026-03-24 Trump’s Agriculture Department shut down millions of dollars in programs designed to help first time and underserved farmers. 

2026-03-24 The UN demanded Israel immediately release Dr. Hussam Abu Safiya, citing severe abuse and torture. Dr. Safiya had been detained by Israeli forces since December 27 2024 after refusing to abandon his patients during an Israeli raid at a hospital.

2026-03-24 North Korean leaders accuse the US of crossing the line through state-sponsored terrorism. 



2026-03-25 Meta and YouTube were found negligent in a landmark social-media addiction case.

2026-03-25 Bernie Sanders and AOC proposed an AI data-center moratorium addressing environmental harm, energy costs, job displacement, and hardware exports.

2026-03-25 Mike Johnson announced a special “America First” award for Trump.

2026-03-25 House Republican leaders blocked an effort to subpoena Donald Trump Jr. regarding investments his venture capital firm made to a rare earth minerals company and a Pentagon-backed $620 million loan.

2026-03-25 Even after the White House gave pushback concerning “boots on the ground”, this was the week the Pentagon deployed up to 3000 paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division to the Middle East, 2500 troops from the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit, along with 4500 troops and 3 more ships.  This came a day after Trump claimed Iran agreed to having no nuclear weapons, but Trump could not elaborate further. Also this week Israel announced plans to occupy all South Lebanon.

2026-03-25 Witcoff said they delivered a 15-point ceasefire plan to Iran via Pakistan.

2026-03-25 After realizing the White House Easter luncheon was live-streamed, the White House scrambled to erase footage to hide some claims made by Trump they didn’t expect to become public.

2026-03-25 Parents were warned about increasing reports of online predators targeting children through Roblox. 



2026-03-26 Judge Rita Lin rejected the Pentagon’s retribution against Anthropic, writing, “Nothing in the governing statute supports the Orwellian notion that an American company may be branded a potential adversary and saboteur of the U.S. for expressing disagreement with the government”.

2026-03-26 Benny Johnson told CPAC attendees to “out-breed” liberals, “Having children and starting a family is the culture war right there”, and “Because the left, we’re gonna just outbreed them! Can I get a witness? Can I get an amen? We’re just going to outbreed the left. You ever met a lib?”. 

2026-03-26 Democrats proposed a bill to block Trump from using any federal funds to take military action in Cuba without Congressional authorization.

2026-03-26 More mysterious trading patterns emerged on Polymarket. 

2026-03-26 Treasury announced Trump’s signature would appear on U.S. currency.

2026-03-26 After slamming down Democrat attempts to pass a bill asking to fund TSA, Trump said he would issue an emergency order to ensure TSA employees were paid during the government shutdown

2026-03-26 Melania Trump presented humanoid “educator” robots as teacher replacements.

2026-03-26 Democratic Senator Chris Murphy wrote that $1.5B in S&P 500 futures were sold minutes before Trump announced a 5-day pause on attacking Iran, “…let me say it again – a $1.5B bet, bigger than any futures purchases made at the time, 5 minutes before Trump’s post. Who was it? Trump? A family member? A White House staffer? This is corruption. Mind blowing corruption”.

2026-03-26 Wall Street suffered its worst day since the start of the Corona Virus pandemic. The price of crude oil topped $110 a barrel.

2026-03-26 OECD said Trump’s war was projected to cause inflation to jump from 2.4% to 4.2%.

2026-03-26 Ukrainian drones struck ports and refineries along the Baltic sea, halting at least 40% of Russian oil export capacity. Zelenskyy reported that the U.S. was making any security guarantees for Ukraine contingent upon Ukraine giving up its defense of the Eastern Donbas region.

2026-03-26 The Trump administration redirected $1.25B from the State Department to his Boad of Peace. They took the funds from international disaster assistance, peacekeeping efforts, and other International programs.

2026-03-26 Cuban doctors reported several deaths in direct relation to the US oil blockade, citing a severe shortage in food, medicine and equipment.

2026-03-26 Hegseth delivered a Pentagon sermon invoking God’s role in war, prayed for eternal damnation and overwhelming violence in the name of God and claimed the United States was righteous.

2026-03-26 Trump said he would delay his ultimatum for Iran to open the Strait of Hormuz or face attacks on energy infrastructure. The previous deadlines were March 23rd and March 27th.

2026-03-26 Trump claimed Iran gifted him ***“eight big boats of oil”*** which he later changed to ten. Ten big boats of oil. He said, **“And they’ll tell you we’re not negotiating. We will not negotiate.  Of course they negotiated. They’ve been obliterated”. Who wouldn’t negotiate? They are begging to make a deal. We’ll see if we can make the right deal”.**

2026-03-26 The US Treasury blocked funds for captured Maduro and his wife to pay their legal fees. Judge Alvin Hellerstein asked, “What’s the interest of the government now in blocking those funds? We are doing business in Venezuela. The defendant is here; Flores is here. They present no further national security threat”.

2026-03-26 Hegseth removed female and Black Army officers from a promotion list. He did this again in June to the Navy. 



2026-03-27 Sony raised PlayStation 5 prices globally due to chip shortages.

2026-03-27 Rob Schneider called for reinstating the military draft.

2026-03-27 At CPAC, Franklin Graham said Trump should be reelected for a third term before later stating he misspoke and meant Trump's policies should continue.

2026-03-27 The proposed funding bill by Democrats to fund TSA workers passed the House, but the GOP Senate warned the bill would be “dead on arrival” once it met the Senate.

2206-03-27 Mexico Navy reported on a search and rescue effort to locate two ships carrying humanitarian aid to Cuba that went missing. At least 9 crewmembers and a 4-year-old child were among those on the rescue ships. The crew consisted of members from Cuba, France, Poland and the United States.

2026-03-27 Trump attended a Saudi investor meeting in Miami.

2026-03-27 A new COVID variant Cicada – which was discovered originally in November 2024 in South Africa – had now hit 23 countries. According to some sources, this is the virus’ 75th mutation.

2026-03-27 Pete Hegseth removed two Black and two female officers from a promotion list, leaving some senior military officials to question if women and minorities were being singled out. In the same article presenting this information, the article wrote that Chief of Staff Ricky Buria told the Army Secretary Daniel Driscoll about assigning Major General Antoinette R. Gant command of the Military District of Washington **President Trump would not want to stand next to a Black female officer at military events.**

2026-03-27 Israeli soldiers fatally shot 15-year-old Adma Dahman in the abdomen south of Bethlehem.

2026-03-27 Jay Mitchell campaign ad “Zero Tolerance for Radical Islam” when he said, “…and you can Allah Akhbar your butt all the way back to the Middle East…”.

2026-03-27 Todd Blanche asked, “Why is there objection to sending ICE officers to polling places”.

2026-03-27 Idaho lawmakers Glenneda Zuiderveld and Stephanie Mickelson reported pressure and retaliation over their immigration-policy positions. 




2026-03-28 The White House responded to a third No Kings protest in a statement, “The only people who care about these Trump Derangement therapy sessions are the reporters who are paid to cover them”.

2026-03-28 Trump frequently golfed during the Iran war.

2026-03-28 JD Vance said he believed UFOs and aliens were demons.

2026-03-28 A U.S. Army Apache helicopter flew over Kid Rock’s mansion.

2026-03-28 The missing aid boats headed to Cuba were found.



2026-03-29 Trump touted more plans for his ballroom to include bulletproof glass and drone-proof construction. This during a war in Iran, the lowest job-market in decades, surging inflation, unaffordable healthcare, increasing poverty, and a shutdown.

2026-03-29 Israel blocked the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem from entering the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Palm Sunday to celebrate mass.  



2026-03-30 Trump responded to Iran-war questions by discussing ballroom designs.

2026-03-30 Trump publicly threatened to bomb desalination plants, electric plants and oil wells in Iran, which are war crimes. When asked, Karoline Leavitt said, “Um, look – the president has made it quite clear to the Iranian regime at this moment in time as evidenced by the statement that you just read, that their best move is to make a deal – or else the United States armed forces has capabilities beyond their wildest imagination and the president is not afraid to use them…” When journalists expressed war-crime concerns, Karoline Leavitt continued, “That’s not what I said, Garrett, and you’re saying the word potential for a reason, ‘cuz I’m sure some experts are telling you that in your ear to try to ask me that question. Of course, this administration and the United States armed forces will always act within the confines of the law, but with respect to achieving the full objectives of Operation Epic Fury, President Trump is going to move forward unabated, and he expected – expects – the Iranian regime to make a deal with the administration”.

2026-03-30 Israel passed a death penalty law specifically for Palestinians.

2026-03-30 Reports revealed Trump’s ballroom project included a military bunker complex.



2026-03-31 A judge temporarily blocked Trump’s White House ballroom project, writing, “The President of the United States is the steward of the White House for future generations of First Families. He is not, however, the owner”.

2026-03-31 Someone installed a giant golden ‘throne’ (toilet) at the National Mall in Washington.

2026-03-31 SCOTUS blocked Colorado’s ban on conversion therapy.

2026-03-31 Israel IDF gave residents in Beirut 1 hour to evacuate before bombing. Israel said it would establish security sites in southern Lebanon and control the entire area up to the Latani river, keeping 600,000+ people from returning home. The defense minister reported plans to completely demolish all homes in that area. 

2026-03-31 Trump proposed a massive gold-themed presidential library featuring his heckling “walk of fame”, the gifted Saudi jetliner, and a gold statue of himself. 

2026-03-31 Trump signed an executive order instructing DHS to gather a voters list and the USPS to transmit ballots, thereby nationalizing elections, burdening the postal service, complicating mail voting, and suppressing turnout. 

2026-03-31 JD Vance published his own religious-based book “Communion”.

2026-03-31 Forest Service Chief Tom Schultz announced additional cuts that would eliminate 75% of research, reduce wildlife and climate monitoring, shrink oversight of mining and logging, close nine regional offices, and relocate headquarters from Washington, D.C.

2026-03-31 Several January 6 defendants pardoned by Trump were later charged with new offenses, including assault, harassment, and alleged murder plots.


### 2026 April

2026-04-01 Tabloids exploited leaked information that Kristi Noem’s husband Byron lived an alternative life cross-dressing and paid adult entertainers to role-play with him.

2026-04-01 American Action Network (a dark money PAC?) mailed out misleading fliers in Nebraska saying Democrat Cavanaugh supports the Trump agenda. 

2026-04-01 Pope Leo condemned the war in Iran, saying leaders who start wars have hands full of blood. He said, “Even though you make many prayers, I will not listen.  Your hands are full of blood”. This came after Pete Hegseth prayed for “overwhelming violence” against his enemies, invoking the name of Jesus Christ for bloodshed. 

2026-04-01 Hegseth nullified the Army’s investigation into the pilot who used an Apache helicopter to perform a low fly-by of Kid Rock’s mansion. In an X post Hegseth wrote, “Pilots suspension LIFTED. No punishment. No investigation. Carry on patriots”.

2026-04-01 Trump loomed over Supreme Court hearings on birthright citizenship as a “silent observer.”

2026-04-01 Trump’s spiritual adviser Paula White compared Trump to Jesus during a White House Easter event.

2024-04-01 Climate-related cocoa shortages drove prices to record highs. Some manufacturers reduced cocoa content, substituted palm kernel oil for cocoa butter, and relabeled products under FDA rules. Some estimates suggest chocolate production could become severely threatened by 2050.

2026-04-01 Franklin Graham framed the Iran conflict in biblical terms and likened Trump to Queen Esther.

2026-04-01 Article in Daily Citizen: “Jaden Ivey, ‘All I’m preaching about is Jesus Christ and they waived me’.” The NBA star expressed anti-LGBTQ sentiment publicly and the Chicago Bulls cut ties with him. Following this TreVeyon Henderson posted, “Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness’ sake, For theirs is the kingdom of heaven.” – Matthew 5:10.




2026-04-02 Trump fired Pam Bondi and moved her to the private sector. Trump had not been pleased with Bondi ever since she failed to prosecute Leticia James and James Comey.

2026-04-02 ICE detained biochemistry student Annie Ramos on an Army installation in Louisiana days after her wedding to a U.S. Army Staff Sergeant. Ramos has no criminal history and teaches Sunday school. 

2026-04-02 Pete Hegseth fired Army Chief of Staff General Randy George, drawing criticism from several Republican senators

2026-04-02 Paula White drew criticism from MAGA supporters after comparing Trump to Jesus.

2026-04-02 Rand Paul opposed Trump's tariffs and use of emergency powers, prompting Trump to label him disloyal

2026-04-02 The Artemis crew took a photo of earth and posted a side-by-side comparison to 1972, showing a now less-vibrant one.

2026-04-02 Argentina’s lawmakers, led by Javier Milei, pushed reforms to remove protections on freshwater reserves and glaciers to allow for drilling. 

2026-04-02 Hegseth fired Army Chief of Chaplains Major General William Green. 




2026-04-03 The U.S. military conducted a Search and Rescue mission for an F-15 fighter pilot who was shot down in Iran.

2026-04-03 Iran dropped anti-Trump administration propaganda videos. 

2026-04-03 On Good Friday ahead of the White House Easter luncheon, the Pentagon posted on X, “Just a friendly reminder: There will be a Protestant Service (No Catholic Mass) for Good Friday today at the Pentagon Chapel”. This upset White House employees because they felt it was divisive and exclusive.

2026-04-03 Trump made deep cuts to the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and recommended cutting it entirely while simultaneously demanding $1.5T in defense spending to support Israels war. He stated, “It’s not possible for us to take care of daycare, Medicaid, Medicare, all these individual…things. They can do it on a State basis. You can’t do it on a Federal – we have to take care of one thing: military protection. We have to guard the country”.

2026-04-03 Trump’s new budget seeks TSA privatization.



2026-04-04 Hegseth ordered base commanders to allow troops to carry personal firearms. This was originally banned by George Bush in the 90’s to prevent accidents and suicides.

2026-04-04 Tucker Carlson criticized Trump's support for military action against Iran and alignment with Israel, arguing it violated "America First" principles.



2026-04-05 Trump wrote on TruthSocial, “Tuesday will be Power Plant Day, and Bridge Day, all wrapped up in one, in Iran. There will be nothing like it!!! Open the Fuckin’ Strait, you crazy bastards, or you’ll be living in Hell – JUST WATCH! Praise be to Allah. President DONALD J. TRUMP”. 

2026-04-05 Joe Rogan slowly changing his tune on his podcast.




2026-04-06 Trump threatened imprisonment against any journalists covering a downed-fighter-jet rescue operation. 

2026-04-06 Rick Scott and Thomas Massie publicly clashed about spending priorities.

2026-04-06 Mediaite posted about allegations over GOP lawmaker Tony Gonzales (R-TX) making sexual demands from his campaign director to “squeeze my balls” back in 2020. This was years before the same GOP lawmaker admitted his 2024 affair with a congressional staffer who later died by suicide.

2026-04-06 The New Yorker published “Can Sam Altman be Trusted?”

2026-04-06 Following a measles outbreak RFK announced he would support the vaccine.

2026-04-06 Gulf investors, including Abu Dhabi sovereign wealth fund L’imad, backed Paramount’s proposed $81 billion acquisition of Warner



2026-04-07 San Francisco launched the first round of layoffs to counter Trump’s federal budget cuts. 

2026-04-07 Another ICE involved shooting, this time in San Jose California off I-5. DHS claims the alleged gang member weaponized their vehicle and tried to run over an agent. 

2026-04-07 Alex Jones distanced himself from Trump amid Iran war escalations.

2026-04-07 Lisa Murkowski called Trump's threat to "destroy Iran" an affront to American ideals.

2026-04-07 Ro Khanna and Martha MacCallum argued over Trump's threat to exterminate the Iranian civilization.

2026-04-07 Trump and Hegseth declared victory over Iran with a so-called 10-point deal. 

2026-04-07 Roger Stone and Laura Loomer publicly feuded over the Iran war.

STONE: “BREAKING: @LauraLoomer reportedly despondent over her failure to goad President Trump into WWIII, killing millions”

LOOMER: “Stop spewing IRGC talking points Roger. 
You disrespect President Trump when you repeat the lies that 
he is getting us into WW3 that are masterminded by your friend 
Tulsi Gabbard (whose 2028 campaign for President you’re running
around telling everyone you’re running), and the lies spread 
by your buddies Tucker Carlson and Alex Jones who want the 25th
Amendment to be used against Trump.”

STONE: “Laura, you’re delusional and slipping into
insanity. I’ve known Donald Trump for 50 years – you’ve known him
for 50 minutes. He was revolted when you spread the rumor that you
were having sex with him”…and further wrote, “I may now be forced to
sue you – giving me access to all your financial records, where I
will find out whose been financing your serial lies. This will be
really fun since no lawyer will agree to represent you, and the only
lawyer who will rep you, Larry Klayman, has been suspended from the
practice of law by the bar in all relevant jurisdictions…stop
calling yourself an ‘independent’ investigative journalist because
you’re PAID to post your bullshit on social media – and we both know
what women who are paid to do things are called”.


2026-04-07 Fox News struck a deal with Kalshi for prediction market data. 




2026-04-08 The White House requested personal medical records for federal workers, retirees, and families.

2026-04-08 Anthropic warned Claude Mythos Preview could escape sandbox environments and break into systems, limiting access to Apple, Google, and Amazon.

2026-04-08 RFK received backlash for being “another podcaster” after launching a podcast to “expose” alleged “lies” about health.

2026-04-08 The House Freedom Caucus posted “We cannot leave ICE and CBP hanging with nothing but hopes and prayers that reconciliation 2.0 comes together. That’s why we must use reconciliation to fully fund all of the Department of Homeland Security. We can tightly control this process with strict instructions to the various committees involved so no one can sneak in unrelated garbage and distract us from our mission”.

2026-04-08 Pentagon official Elbridge Colby threatened Pope Leo XIV, saying,  “The United States has the military power to do whatever it wants in the world. The Catholic Church had better take its side”.

2026-04-08 Former Fort Bragg employee Courtney Williams was charged under the Espionage Act after allegedly providing information to a journalist about sexual and race-based harassment at Fort Bragg. 



2026-04-09 Pam Bondi refused to comply with a subpoena requiring testimony about the Epstein investigation because she was no longer serving as Attorney General.

2026-04-09 Melania Trump called for a surprise press conference to address so-called rumors about the Epstein files, where she claimed she had no knowledge of Epstein’s abuses. 

2025-04-09 Despite an attempted ceasefire agreement, Israel continued to bomb Lebanon – the largest and most lethal bombing campaign at this point in the war. JD Vance dismissed it when asked, saying Lebanon wasn’t a part of the plan or agreement. 

2026-04-09 Survivors of a deadly attack by Iranian drone strikes in Kuwait March 1st 2026 said they were not prepared or fortified. Pete Hesgeth told officials the unit was fortified and the drone strike was a “squirter”, but soldiers are disputing Hegseth’s claims.

2026-04-09 The GOP blocked another warpower resolution to rein in Trump’s Iran war powers after he tweeted out his intent to destroy an entire civilization. New Jersey Republican Representative Chris Smith persisted over a “pro forma” session and banged his gavel to end the session before Democrats could seek to pass resolution to end the U.S. military operation.

2026-04-09 In defense of Trump’s “whole civilization will die” tweet, Karoline Leavitt told the press, “The President absolutely has the moral high ground over the Iranian terrorist regime, and for you to even suggest otherwise is frankly insulting,” and “..so it was a very strong threat that led to results, and as the Secretary of War stated at the Pentagon this morning, it was not an empty threat by any means. The Pentagon had a target list that they were ready to hit go on at 8PM last night…”.

2026-04-09 Israel approved 34 new settlements in their occupation of the West Bank.

2026-04-09 Israeli soldiers shot and killed 9-year-old girl Ritaj Rihan in the head in front of her classmates in Bethlehia.

2025-11-23 Doctors and health professionals petitioned against EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin, criticizing efforts to weaken greenhouse gas regulations and the 2009 Endangerment findings.

2026-04-09 The Trump administration announced automatic draft registration will start in December 2026.

2026-04-09 After JD Vance travelled to Hungary to support Victor Orban in upcoming elections polls dropped. 

2026-04-09 ICE shot Carlos Ivan Mendoza Hernandez during a traffic stop, claiming the man tried to hit them with his vehicle. When he was indicted in May of 2026 he stated he attempted to flee only AFTER he had been shot at and “was just scared that he was going to die”.








2026-04-10 Acting CDC director Jay Bhattacharya blocked COVID vaccination reports showing their benefits.  Jay Bhattacharya was one of the authors of the Great Barrington Declaration in 2020 which argued against COVID lockdowns even before vaccines were developed.

2026-04-10 From the Yale Budget Lab: A weakened IRS has substantial consequences. Report shows after significant DOGE cuts to the IRS the tax-gap approaches $7T, there will be a likely $861B in decreased revenue, tax codes become more complex, and tax enforcement is weakened.

2026-04-10 Headline “Pete Hegseth’s holy war: the militant Christian theology animating the US attack on Iran”.  According to a professor of religious studies at the University of North Florida, The Communion of Reformed Evangelical Churches followers (i.e. Hegseth) don’t “believe in social equality among people. They think that God created the world and that some people are destined to have authority and to rule over other people, and other people are destined to be followers…legitimate authority comes directly from God”.





2026-04-12 After JD Vance and others failed to secure peaceful negotiations with Iran, Trump said he would be the one blocking the Strait of Hormuz even though Iran already had it blockaded.

2026-04-12 Trump posted – then deleted – an AI image of himself as Jesus Christ. After backlash, he claimed it was a picture of himself as a doctor healing people. 









2026-04-13 Trump admonished Pope Leo XIV for not supporting war. Trump said, “He’s a very liberal person, and he’s a man that doesn’t believe in stopping crime. He’s a man that doesn’t think that we should be toying with a country that wants a nuclear weapon so they can blow up the world. I’m not a fan of Pope Leo”. Pope Leo said, “I have no fear of the Trump administration”.

2026-04-13 UN’s Chief Economist Maximo Torero warned of a global food crisis because of the U.S.-Israeli war in Iran. 

2026-04-13 The U.S. military struck another vessel in the Pacific, killing two people. The Pentagon did not provide any evidence the vessel was involved in narcotics trafficking.

2026-04-13 Chevron set to expand oil extraction operations in Venezuela.

2026-04-13 Hollywood actors, writers and directors signed an open letter to voice opposition for the Paramount-Warner Brothers-Discovery merger. Part of the letter reads, “The integrity, independence, and diversity of our industry would be grievously compromised. Competition is essential for a healthy economy and a healthy democracy. So is thoughtful regulation and enforcement”.

2026-04-13 A judge dismissed Trump's lawsuit against The Wall Street Journal for reporting on his Epstein birthday letter contribution. 

2026-04-13 Texas Democrat Representative James Talarico announced he will introduce a bill to close billionaire loopholes by targeting luxury deductions, restricting offshore accounts, and ending buy-borrow-die practices. 

2026-04-13 Hungary’s Peter Magyar defeated Orban.





2026-04-14 Two members of Congress resigned, and two others faced expulsion proceedings in an unprecedented series of ethics scandals. Eric Swalwell resigned amid sexual-assault allegations, while Tony Gonzales resigned after acknowledging an affair with an aide who later died by suicide.

2026-04-14 After Trump announced he’d place a blockade on the Strait of Hormuz, Chinese Defense Minister Dong Jun said in a statement, “We have trade and energy agreements with Iran; we expect others not to interfere in our affairs. The Strait of Hormuz is open to us”.

2026-04-14 The same DOJ that wants to fire people for speaking out about Charlie Kirk or deport people for protesting genocide MOVED TO VACATE the most serious J6 convictions by the Proud Boys and Oath Keepers, making it as though these most severe crimes never even happened. 

2026-04-14 Trump’s “DoorDash Grandma” turned out to be a known lobbyist for the “No Tax for Tips” policy.

2026-04-14 Turning Point USA rallies in Georgia attracted an embarrassingly small crowd, and TPUSA blamed it on left wing activists. 

2026-04-14 RFK wrote IN HIS OWN BOOK “RFK Jr, the Fall and Rise” that he once pulled over to carve out the penis of a dead raccoon to study later. He wrote, ***“I was standing in front of my parked car on I-684 cutting the penis out of a road killed raccoon, thinking about how weird some of my family members have turned out to be”. ***

2026-03-27 Idaho lawmakers Glenneda Zuiderveld and Stephanie Mickelson reported pressure and retaliation over their immigration-policy positions. 





2026-04-15 JD Vance and Mike Johnson lashed out at the Pope for criticizing Trump’s elective war in Iran.  Vance threatened the Pope should “be careful talking about theology,” while Johnson cited “Just War Doctrine.” The Pope later warned against manipulating religion for political, economic, or military purposes and condemned a world “ravaged by a handful of tyrants.”

2026-04-15 Tapatio was bought out by a private equity firm.

2026-04-15 The White House submitted plans for a Triumphal Arch estimated to cost at least $125 million and totally overshadow Arlington Cemetery. 

2026-04-15 Maryland managed to temporarily block an ICE detention center from being built near Hagerstown.




2026-04-16 New York Governor Kathy Hochul proposed a new tax on multi-million dollar second homes in New York City. In a press conference she stated, “Those who benefit from the city without living in a full-time capacity should contribute to the cost that it takes to run the city…” This tax would target roughly 13,000 high-rise condos and investment properties, generating at least $500M in revenue annually as Mamdani tries to fill a $5B budget deficit.  

2026-04-16 After a six-week trial, a New York jury found that Live Nation and its subsidiary Ticket Master illegally dominated major concert venues and kept ticket prices too high.

2026-04-16 ICE agent Gregory Morgan was charged with two counts of second-degree assault for pointing his weapon at people in Minnesota. The officer was in a rented, unmarked SUV when he pulled up to other drivers and pointed his handgun at them. 

2026-04-16 AllBirds pivoted from footwear into AI GPUs and announced a rebrand to “NewBird AI.”

2026-04-16 Peter Theil funded Objection, an AI tribunal judge designed to investigate media claims.

2026-04-16 House Democrats introduced articles of impeachment against Pete Hegseth for high crimes.

2026-04-16 The senate voted to lift a federal ban on mining upstream from Minnesota’s Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness.

2026-04-16 Tennessee enacted House Bill 1476 "Charlie Kirk Act," restricting campus walkouts and certain protest activities. 

2026-04-16 Pete Hegseth compared portions of the press to biblical Pharisees and accused reporters of unfairly targeting Trump. 

2026-04-16 Pete Hegseth quoted a fake bible verse from the movie Pulp Fiction during a prayer, then compared Trump to Jesus.

2026-04-16 Troops posted photos of terrible food offered aboard warships. 

2026-04-16 Right-wing podcaster Pastor Shane Vaugh said, “You can’t believe God raised up Pharaoh and not believe he raised up Trump”.  This is the guy who in April 2024 said that Justice Jackson “talks monkey talk” and “belongs in the jungle”. He has said a lot, including "Satan had raised up Barack Hussein Gay Raised By Transgenders Obama": "Any time the devil makes a move, Yahweh, God makes an even bigger move”. 

2026-04-16 The Trump administration defunded Catholic charities that provide shelter and care for migrant children. 

2026-04-16 An online “rape academy” was exposed by CNN where abusers feature sleeping or medically incapacitated women and unthinkable acts. Most of the victims are married, and the abusers are their own husbands. 

2026-04-16 Senator Rick Scott (R-FL) advocated for aggressive US action against Iran, saying that blocking oil shipments to China would be a “wonderful” outcome. 

2026-04-16 The U.S. signed a deal with Morocco for a new “defense roadmap”.

2026-04-16 ICE targeted and detained PhD student Yousof Azizi while he was dropping his children off at daycare because he reported on the war in Iran, and have since transferred him from facility to facility, refusing to release him. 

2026-04-16 Headline “Pete Hegseth attacks ‘unpatriotic’ media and compares reporters to Jewish biblical group” (NBC News). He compared reporters covering the Iran war to the Pharisees, the biblical Jewish group that opposed Jesus.





2026-04-17 During a committee hearing Congresswoman Terri Sewell asked RFK “You said ‘every Black kid is now just standardly put on Adderall, SSRI, Benzos, which are known to induce violence’ and that ‘those children’ are going to have to go somewhere to get ‘re-parented’. Have you ever re-parented – or parented, I should say – a Black child?” During the hearing RFK denied ever saying that. However, the recording and video of him saying it can be found in the links below. He said it on a “High LVL Conversations” podcast in July 2024. 

2026-04-17 Iran announced the Strait of Hormuz is completely open, and about 45 minutes later Trump announced the same thing on social media. 

2026-04-17 Acting Director Todd Lyons announced he would resign from ICE effective May 31 2026 after two decades with the agency, amid scrutiny of his agency’s aggressive immigration tactics. 

2026-04-17 The worlds 100 top oil and gas companies banked $30M per hour during the first month of the Israeli-Iran war. 

2026-04-17 Former officials told The Atlantic that Kash Patel was erratic, frequently absent, and difficult to manage. Patel threatened legal action against the magazine and filed a $250M defamation lawsuit.

2026-04-17 Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy announced he will advocate for a hiring campaign to attract video gamers to become Air Traffic Controllers.

2026-04-17 Wired reported Madison Square Garden used facial-recognition systems to track a trans woman’s movements, including bathroom visits.

2026-04-17 Trump said Iran “agreed to everything” and the U.S. would remove the enriched uranium. Iran, however, stated, “Iran’s enriched uranium is not going to be transferred anywhere under any circumstances”. 

2026-04-17 Trump said Iran agreed to “never close the Strait of Hormuz again”. 




2026-04-18 Iran closed the Strait of Hormuz again, saying the U.S. violated agreements by continuing to blockade Iranian ports. 

2026-04-18 A fifth tornado touched down in Southeast Minnesota with a peak windspeed of 130mph.

2026-04-18 Guam was hit by a category 5 super typhoon.

2026-04-18 Trump signed an Executive Order to loosen restrictions on psychedelic therapy treatment for military members suffering from PTSD. This came shortly after podcaster Joe Rogan texted Trump about ibogaine. 

2026-04-18 Courts allowed Trump’s $400M White House ballroom construction to continue.

2026-04-18 Trump’s former press secretary Kayleigh McEnany posted, “Trump Derangement Syndrome (TDS) is driving several blue states to enable fraud!”. In 2020 she pushed election fraud claims and tried to have all Pennsylvanian ballots thrown out.  After disclosure of her financial statements showing she received funds from both Trump and TPUSA, Fox news fired her. 

2026-04-18 Palantir published a 22-point manifesto advocating American dominance, nuclear superiority, and autonomous AI weapons; describing some cultures as inferior; calling for reinstatement of the draft; and arguing that postwar constraints on Germany and Japan should be reversed.





2026-04-19 During a so-called ceasefire, the U.S. seized an Iranian cargo ship. The Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Esmaeil Baghaei said Washington has shown it was “not serious” about pursuing the diplomatic process.

2026-04-19 Canada’s Prime Minister Mark Carney said economic ties with the U.S. are a weakness that must be corrected, “We have to take care of ourselves because we can’t rely on one foreign partner…we can’t control the disruption coming from our neighbors”.

2026-04-19 After the Supreme Court said Trump’s tariffs were illegal, the administration announced the kick-off of a $166B tariff refund for businesses and importers only, for which they can submit a claim for online. Consumers will not be receiving a refund. 

2026-04-19 The Trump administration announced an 84-hour public Bible reading from Genesis to Revelation.

2026-04-19 Trump wrote on Truth Social, “…the United States is going to knock out every single Power Plant, and every single Bridge, in Iran. NO MORE MR. NICE GUY! They’ll come down fast, they’ll come down easy and, if they don’t take the DEAL, it will be my Honor to do what has to be done…”.

2026-04-19 The Trump administration said it would send Vance to Pakistan for talks with Iran. A few hours later, they said they would not be sending Vance. Then they changed their minds and said they would send Vance, along with Trump’s son-in-law. Then on April 21 they said the trip was on hold.

2026-04-19 Iran reported that the US was making “maximalist” demands during peace talks. 





2026-04-20 Japan experienced a 7.4 earthquake followed by massive tsunamis.

2026-04-20 At least 62 elderly and disabled Veterans were arrested for conducting a peaceful protest at the Cannon House Office Building in Washington D.C. The protest was organized by About Face.

2026-04-20 Labor Secretary Lori Chavez Dreamer resigned amid allegations of abusing public funds, drinking on duty, and misconduct involving staff and her husband.

2026-04-20 Hungary’s newly elected Prime Minister Peter Magyar declared his government would be legally obligated to detain Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu if he enters Hungarian territory while still subject to an international criminal court arrest warrant. 

2026-04-20 Kash Patel told Fox that arrests connected to the 2020 election would be forthcoming. 

2026-04-20 Japan opened its doors to the global arms market and passed a record $58B defense budget for 2026. Part of the change is to eliminate the ban on lethal weapons and allow Japan to export missiles and warships. Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi stated, “No single country can now protect its own peace and security alone, and partner countries that support each other in terms of defense equipment are necessary”.

2026-04-20 China published concerns that the U.S. will use the Strait of Malacca as a global trade chokepoint.

2026-04-20 The Onion obtained Alex Jones’ InfoWars. Alex Jones accused some of the owners of being “satanic pedophiles”. 

2026-04-20 Four GOP leaders refused to call Proud Boys or neo-Nazis white supremacists when asked by Representative Jasmine Crockett.







2026-04-21 An Israeli convoy killed a 16-year-old Palestinian child near Hebron in the West Bank as he was riding his bicycle to school.

2026-04-21 Amnesty International's annual Global Human Rights report described the leaders of Israel, Russia, and the United States as "voracious predators" pursuing economic and political domination, citing the Iran war, genocide, violence in Lebanon, and the Gaza conflict 

2026-04-21 Cuba confirmed talks with U.S. diplomats regarding oil sanctions after Trump claimed, “We may stop by Cuba after we finish with this” (meaning the war in Iran).

2026-04-21 As of April, the death count of people in ICE custody for the first 4 months of 2026 reached at least 17.

2026-04-21 The DOJ demanded Wayne County to turn over more than 860,000 ballots along with envelopes and receipts from the 2024 general election. Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel said, “Once again, President Trump is weaponizing the Justice Department in an attempt to sabotage our democratic process and turn it into his own personal agency to interfere in State elections”. 

2026-04-21 The U.N. Permanent Forum on indigenous issues this year. One topic on the agenda is the AI boom driving extraction and scraping of indigenous medicinal knowledge, traditional stories and genetic data, and massive data centers threatening tribal lands and water resources. In one report, the Trump administration has allegedly made it increasingly difficult for indigenous people to obtain US Visas to attend the UN forum in New York. 

2026-04-21 Between March 2 and April 16, 45 oil refineries and tankers worldwide "accidentally" caught fire.

2026-04-21 Pete Hegseth said that Iran does not control the Strait of Hormuz and warned that threatening commercial ships with missiles and drones is an act of “piracy” and “terrorism”. Four days later the US Navy forcibly seized an Iranian cargo ship, and then six days later, Hegseth ordered US troops to board an Iranian oil tanker in international waters. 

2026-04-21 Democrats in Virginia won additional seats after Republicans started a gerrymandering war in 2025. Even though Republicans had unfairly tried to gerrymander in every state, capitulating Fox network called Virginia’s win a “gerrymander scheme”. 

2026-04-21 The DOJ opened an investigation into whether meat packers were colluding with fixed prices or manipulating the market. See 2022 when the Biden Administration often publicly criticized the “Big Four” for manipulating the markets. 

2026-04-21 Some national attention drew to the ten (10) scientists involved in nuclear and aerospace defense systems who came up missing or were murdered over the past 3 years.

2026-04-21 The Trump administration said it would be sending up to 1100 Afghans who helped US forces during the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan to the Democratic Republic of Congo or other countries they are not from. 

2026-04-21 Senator Roger Wicker of the Senate Armed Services Committee criticized the Pentagon for getting rid of flu shot mandates for military readiness.

2026-04-21 Republican Senator of Alabama Tommy Tuberville responded to Dear Son’s post “Name a huge scam that has been normalised?”, writing, “Social Security”. 



2026-04-22 During a hearing of the Senate Finance Committ4ee Senator Elizabeth Warren asked RFK about TrumpRx and revealed the pricing is higher than promised. For example, a drug for Protonix is $16 at Costco and $200 through TrumpRX. A heart medication costs $336 through TrumpRX can be obtained at CostPlus Drugs for $12. This was after Trump said he’d reduce drug prices by 600% or 1500% or whatever number he tossed out at Americans. In exchange for these drug companies in TrumpRX, Trump gave them a tariff exemption. Yet, prices are still higher. 

2026-04-22 The Justice Department indicted the Southern Poverty Law Center on allegations of “manufacturing the extremism it purports to oppose by paying sources to stoke racial hatred”.

2026-04-22 Pete Hegseth fired Navy Secretary John Phelan. 

2026-04-22 Trump Media fired Truth Social CEO Devin Nunes after stock dropped 67%, and TMTG pivoted to crypto and prediction markets. 

2026-04-22 Marco Rubio falsely claimed detained women named Soleimani were related to Qassem Soleimani.

2026-04-22 Theo Von broke with Trump over the Iran conflict.






2026-04-23 Trump urged FIFA to replace Iran in the World Cup with Italy.

2026-04-23 A U.S. soldier was charged after making $400,000 on Maduro’s arrest in a Polymarket bet.

2026-04-23 Kalshi fined and suspended congressional candidates for betting on their own elections.

2026-04-23 French police probed suspected airport weather device tampering around the same time a Polymarket trader cashed on in a weather report bet.

2026-04-23 Trump ordered the U.S. Navy to “shoot and kill” Iranian boats.

2026-04-23 Nike cut 1400 jobs.

2026-04-23 Meta announced they would be cutting 8000 jobs.

2026-04-23 Microsoft announced they would be cutting around 9000 workers amid AI shifts.

2026-04-23 A Paramount-Warner Brothers Discovery merger for $111B was approved. 

2026-04-23 The International Criminal Court unanimously confirmed crimes-against-humanity charges against former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte.

2026-04-23 Israeli soldiers shot and killed 15-year-old Yousef Sameh Ishtayyeh during a raid in Nablus West Bank.

2026-04-23 Republicans used budget reconciliation measures to bypass votes and approve an additional $70B in ICE funding.

2026-04-23 The Trump administration ramped up their denaturalization process to rip away citizenship from legal citizens with no criminal history.

2026-04-23 Detainees of ICE detention center in Michigan went on a hunger strike in response to horrific conditions at the facility.

2026-04-23 Eric Trump’s startup company Foundation Futures Industries - of which he is the Chief Strategy Adviser - landed a $24M contract with the Pentagon.

2026-04-23 Trump claimed U.S. missile supplies were stronger despite reports of shortages.



2026-04-24 Internal Pentagon documents reportedly outlined plans to pressure NATO allies that did not support the Iran war effort. 

2026-04-24 Israeli forces continued their killings in Gaza despite a ceasefire.

2026-04-24 The DOJ pushed expanded capital punishment measures, drawing condemnation from the Vatican and Pope Leo.

2026-04-24 An appeals court blocked Trump’s EO suspending asylum at the border. The court ruled that calling immigration an invasion is not legal.





2026-04-25 Another assassination attempt targeting Trump during the White House Correspondents' Dinner. This time people speculated it was staged, and the Trump administration used it as a reason for continuing the ballroom project.

2026-04-25 Trump’s DHS made it easier to deport DACA recipients.

2026-04-25 Arizona sued the Trump administration in an attempt to block another ICE facility from opening up in Surprise Arizona, next to a hazardous waste plant.

2026-04-25 The Trump administration announced plans to open up a PFAS-contaminated warehouse to detain families in Louisiana. 




2026-04-26 ICE detained a mother and her five children, imprisoning them for 10 months until a judge ordered their release. In a statement DHS called the judge an “activist judge” who is “releasing this terrorist’s family onto American streets AGAIN”. After the ruling, DHS detained the family a second time. When the family was released, they reported no medical care, rotten food, and that they were not allowed to practice their Islamic faith. 

2026-04-26 The U.S. struck another boat, claiming once again without merit it was transporting narcotics. 

2026-04-26 The Trump administration threatened the preservation group National Trust for Historic Preservation to drop lawsuits against the White House ballroom project.

2026-04-26 Trump claimed the White House Correspondents’ Dinner shooting justified faster ballroom construction.

2026-04-26 Trump canceled peace-talk travel involving Pakistan and Iran.

2026-04-26 Trump childishly lashed out at news anchor Norah O’Donnell (60 Minutes) for reading portions of the gunman’s manifesto from the Correspondence Dinner shooting.




2026-04-27 Iran’s top diplomat Abbas Araghchi arrived in Russia to negotiate peace talks with Vladimir Putin.

2026-04-27 Israel continued to kill more civilian people (including children) in Lebanon amid a ceasefire.

2026-04-27 The Trump administration instructed DHS and immigration officers to deny green cards to anyone who protested views that didn’t align with Trump, including criticizing Israel or supporting Palestine. 

2026-04-27 Russian drones continued to kill people in the Ukraine.

2026-04-27 Elon Musk sued Sam Altman over OpenAI.

2026-04-27 Lindsey Graham pushed for taxpayers to fund Trump’s ballroom despite earlier promises of private financing.

2026-04-27 Trump and Melania Trump made separate social media posts demanding Jimmy Kimmel's dismissal, after which the FCC opened an investigation. 

2026-04-27 Four Democratic senators investigated the Kuwait bombing that killed six U.S. servicemembers and left more than 20 injured. 


2026-04-28 Former FBI Director James Comey was indicted again over a 2025 social-media post after an earlier case had been dismissed. 

2026-04-28 King Charles addressed Congress, pushing back on several issues between the US and UK, and warning that executive power is subject to checks and balances. He also directly addressed Trump’s attacks on NATO by reminding everyone that Trump told NATO if it wasn’t for the U.S. they’d all be speaking German. King Charles said if it wasn’t for the U.K. the U.S. would be speaking French.

2026-04-28 Senator Merkley pressed DOE Linda McMahon on why she gutted the TRIO program designed to encourage professional nursing careers. McMahon claimed that somehow removing nursing jobs from a professional category would make tuition more affordable. So now students who can’t get a sufficient federal loan on a low interest rate will have to seek out a privatized loan company with higher interest rates. Remember: The DOE declassified nursing careers as “professional” in November.

2026-04-28 The UAE departed from OPEC (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries).

2026-04-28 Maurene Comey's wrongful-termination lawsuit continued after Trump fired her in 2025. She was the lead prosecutor in the Epstein Case and secured a conviction against Gislaine Maxwell. 

2026-04-28 Shortly after Trump and First Lady Melania Trump demanded Jimmy Kimmel be fired, the FCC opened an  investigation into ABC and Disney for DEI practices.

2026-04-28 Trump fired all 22 members of the National Science Board.

2026-04-28 Trump unsuccessfully tried to get the Artemis II crew to criticize NATO during a televised event.

2026-04-28 The National Drought Mitigation Center reported the highest level of drought since they started recording 25+ years ago. The Palmer drought severity index (by NOAA) showed that from 1895 to current, 2026 holds the worst March on record, and the third worst drought since the 1934 Dust Bowl.





2026-04-29 Leaked audio revealed U.K. Ambassador Christian Turner saying the “only country” to have a “special relationship” with the United States was “probably Israel”.

2026-04-29 The Forest Service expanded the use of glyphosate-based herbicides, including Roundup, in public forests, particularly in California.

2026-04-29 Trump posted an AI image of himself holding an assault rifle.

2026-04-29 The Senate voted to open pristine Minnesota boundary waters in Canada for mining and drilling.

2026-04-29 Trump added his image to U.S. passports.

2026-04-29 ICE agent Jonathan Ross returned to duty after Nicole Goode’s killing.

2026-04-29 SCOTUS struck down a Louisiana redistricting map by a vote of 6-3. SCOTUS also destroyed key voting rights provisions in the Voting Rights Act of 1965 which was originally designed to outlaw discriminatory voting practices that would disenfranchise Black voters.

2026-04-29 The Trump administration proposed a rule to cut back the Endangered Species Act to allow more industry, drilling and mining. It was only after several voiced concerns from both parties that they delayed the vote. 

2026-04-29 Maryland became the first state to ban AI-driven grocery dynamic pricing.




2026-04-30 Congress passed a 45-day extension of FISA Section 702 despite surveillance concerns.

2026-04-30 A bale of hay costs $23, diesel costs rose up over 46%, screwworms were an issue in the Southern border, and additional cuts to SNAP benefits were made. Meanwhile farming families are under duress and the rate of farmer suicide is increasing. 

2026-04-30 Former Army Ranger and paratrooper Congressman Jason Crow pressed Hegseth about conflicts of interest surrounding Special Advisor Tim Parlatore.

2026-04-30 Trump withdrew Casey Means’ nomination for Surgeon General and replaced her with a Fox News contributor. Even MAHA leaders opposed the decision.

2026-04-30 The U.S. debt was larger than its GDP.

2026-04-30 The partial government shutdown ended after 75 days. 

2026-04-30 Trump urged Tennessee to redistrict to gain more Republican seats.

2026-04-30 Louisiana suspended congressional primaries so they could redraw their maps.

2026-04-30 GOP leader Tom Kean had been absent from Capitol Hill for weeks.

2026-04-30 Headline in Men’s Health “Inside the Battle for Bigger and Bigger Balls”.

2026-04-30 Headline in Men’s Health “Inside the Battle for Bigger and Bigger Balls”.


### 2026 May

2026-05-01 On the 60th day of the Iran conflict, Trump falsely claimed that he did not need congressional authorization under the War Powers Act to continue military operations. The administration would later change the name of the Operation to circumvent this rule. 

2026-05-01 Money market funds experienced high cash flow as investors parked their money in them, topping assets out at $8TR.

2026-05-01 Nebraska was the first red state to roll out Medicaid work requirements. 

2026-05-01 During a speech in Florida, Trump accused political opponents of treason for saying the United States was not winning in Iran. 

2026-05-01 Another person died in ICE custody, this time a suspected suicide at the Stewart Detention Center in Georgia.

2026-05-01 MAHA leaders opposed Trump’s Surgeon General nominee switch from Casey Means to Nicole Saphier.

2026-05-01 Louisiana Governor Jeff Landry signed legislation preventing Calvin Duncan from taking office as criminal court clerk after Duncan had been exonerated, earned a law degree, and won election to the position.

2026-05-01 Christian Nationalist pastor Joel Webbon claimed that the right to vote must be taken away by force, “virtuous, ambitious, masculine men have to climb the ladder of power and forcefully take away from the people that which is their detriment”. 




2026-05-02 Police arrested 8 protesters in New York for protesting the violent arrest of a Nigerian man.

2026-05-02 Trump expended US sanctions on Cuba. 

2026-05-02 The Supreme Court banned, then temporarily lifted the ban on, mifepristone. 





2026-05-03 Small businesses received rejections for their tariff refund claims. 

2026-05-03 Alabama Governor kay Ivey called a special session to redraw the states congressional map and revert back to one that would eliminate a Democrat-held seat, creating a 7-0 Republican delegation.

2026-05-03 Israel displaced residents from ten Lebanese towns and killed 2,659 civilians in Lebanon since March.

2026-05-03 The anti-abortion movement turned on Trump, with its president Marjorie Dannenfelser saying, “Trump is the problem. The president is the problem”. Meanwhile abortion rates soared after overturning Roe v Wade.

2026-05-03 Iran executed 3 protestors. According to some reports, Iran carried out over 600 executions within the first three months of 2026.

2026-05-03 Bay Bridge takeover by several vehicles. At least nine people were arrested and 77 vehicles were impounded. 

2026-05-03 Spirit Airlines liquidated all its assets.



2026-05-04 Border-wall crews destroyed a Native American archaeological site in the Sonoran Desert.

2026-05-04 Mississippi and Florida called a special session to redraw state districting maps to gain favor with Republicans and disenfranchise Black voters.

2026-05-04 A United Airlines jet struck a bakery truck at the Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey.

2026-05-04 Captured activists from the Global Sumud Flotilla reported that Israeli forces subjected detainees to beatings and torture so severe that captives were passing out.

2026-05-04 The organization Reporters Without Borders released its 2026 Press Freedom index showing the lowest level of free speech in 25 years, with U.S. ranking at number 64.

2026-05-04 Israel carried out separate attacks in Gaza killing three Palestinians and leaving several others badly injured. They also shot 26-year-old Naif Smaro in the head during a raid in Nablus as he was  dropping his wife off at the hospital to give birth to their first child. During the raid at least 4 others including 2 children were struck by ammunition. 

2026-05-04 The U.S. struck another boat in the Caribbean.

2026-05-04 Russia killed at least 14 people and wounded at least 60 in Ukraine. 

2026-05-04 Iranian State Media reported the U.S. fired on small cargo boats and passengers, killing five civilians. U.S. Central Command claimed the vessels threatened commercial shipping.

2026-05-04 The UAE reported an attack of Iranian drones on the Port of Fujairah fire causing an oil refinery fire.

2026-05-04 Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear announced a state emergency due to rising costs and gas prices. 

2026-05-04 Customers pulled their money out of Citizens Bank for funding ICE. 

2026-05-04 Druski whiteface satire about Erika Kirk went viral and received backlash from the MAGA community for racism. 



2026-05-05 The US launched missiles at Iranian ships in the Strait of Hormuz during the ceasefire. Trump told Fox News that Iran will be “blown off the face of the earth” if it targets US ships, and then in a social media post invited South Korea to come “join the mission”. Trump dubbed the efforts “Project Freedom”. 

2026-05-05 Nobel Peace Prize laureate Narges Mohammadi was hospitalized in critical condition after collapsing in an Iranian prison. She had reportedly been denied medical care despite prior heart attacks.

2026-05-05 Ukrainian strikes reportedly produced “black rain” conditions in parts of Russia.

2026-05-12 The Pentagon renamed Operation Epic Fury as Operation Sledgehammer to circumvent the 60-day limit on war without Congressional approval.

2026-05-05 DHS closed its internal watchdog offices that track the abuse of immigrants. This came after a Washington Post investigation found an increase in abuse and excessive force carried out on detainees as the Trump administration over-packs detention centers. 

2026-05-05 Met Gala protestors criticized Jeff Bezos and Amazon labor conditions.

2026-05-05 Delta Airlines announced it would drop food and beverage services from flights under 350 miles.

2026-05-05 Howard Lutnick was forced to testify for his involvement with Epstein.

2026-05-05 The Associated Press won a Pulitzer Prize for reporting on U.S. companies enabling surveillance and detention in China.

2026-05-05 Leaked audio recordings revealed that the U.S., Israel and Honduras were all involved in a scheme together to target leftist governments in Latin America. Context, Trump pardoned Juan Orlando Hernandez in December after he was convicted of drug trafficking.

2026-05-05 The White House dumped 37,000 cubic yards of East Wing debris on a municipal golf course.

2026-05-05 Coinbase cut 14% of its workforce due to AI. 

2026-05-05 The Pentagon cut deployment of U.S. combat forces to Poland and Germany. 

2026-05-05 Trump rambled about nuclear weapons during a Youth Sports & Fitness event.




2026-05-06 Republicans proposed spending $1B in taxpayer funds on ballroom “security features.”

2026-05-06 KraftHeinz reported that consumers are dipping into their savings accounts just to eat. 

2026-05-06 National Economic Council Director Kevin Hasset told Fox news “In fact, I had the head of one of the big five banks in my office yesterday going through the credit card data. And just as Secretary Bessent said, credit card spending is through the roof. They’re spending more on gasoline, but they’re spending more no everything else too.  

2026-05-06 Headline “The Rise of Anti-Muslim Policies and Rhetoric in Texas”.

2026-05-06 Kash Patel reportedly maintained a personalized bourbon stash.




2026-05-07 A federal judge unsealed an alleged suicide note by Epstein.

2026-05-07 Gas prices rose more than 50% under Trump. 

2026-05-07 Scott Jennings lashed out at Adam Mockler on CNN. Mockler, “You said it was going to be four to six weeks…” Jennings “You have the attention span of a gnat…” Mockler, “…wait a minute, tell me. I debated you on TV four to six weeks ago and you said we were weeks away from it, and now you’re making condescending remarks because you can’t defend the fact that this war is not going your way…” Jennings “Get your hand out of my fucking face…”.

2026-05-07 Marco Rubio met privately with Pope Leo XIV at the Vatican after months of public disagreements between the administration and the Pope

2026-05-07 Trump pressured South Carolina to start their redistricting process. Not the will of the people – the will of Trump.

2026-05-07 The US launched strikes on Iran, claiming it was in “self-defense”.

2026-05-07 Oil companies reported record profits amidst rising fuel prices and the war in Iran. Shell reported $6.9B in its first quarter.

2026-05-07 Whirlpool reported a “recession-level industry decline” with a 12% drop in shares and said they would be raising their prices. 

2026-05-07 Israel continued to kill Palestinians, block aid, and prevent reconstruction. Meanwhile, Gaza faced more health crises of sewage contamination, cooking with cardboard, no water or shelter, and rat infestation.

2026-05-07 Tennessee approved a new congressional map that breaks up a majority-black city into three Republican-leaning districts.

2026-05-07 Border czar Tom Homan responded to New York's proposed ban on masked ICE agents by promising expanded immigration enforcement operations in the state. During a border security expo in Arizona he said, “So what’s going to happen to places like New York and these other people that want to pass this ridiculous legislation not to work with us? We’re going to flood the zone. You’re going to see more ICE agents you ever seen before. So congratulations, because when we send these teams out there, we’ll find a bad guy. Most times we do. And when we find a bad guy, he’s with others. Others who may not be a priority target, but they’re in the country illegally. They weren’t people we’re looking for,. But we found them during these operations. Well guess what? They’re coming too”.

2026-05-07 ICE had arrested the parents of at least 27,000 children during the first seven months of expanded immigration operations, raising concerns about renewed family separation.

2026-05-07 An Arizona judge ordered the expedited deportation of the parents of 18-year-old Kimma Gonzalez who has terminal stage-4 colon cancer and had been pleading for months to be reunited with their parents. The parents have been held in ICE custody since mid-April.



2026-05-08 The Virgina Supreme Court blocked a new Congressional map that would help Democrats counter Republican power grabs ahead of the midterms.

2026-05-08 The UAE arrested and deported more than 15000 Pakistani workers, any of them Shia Muslims, without formal charge.

2026-05-08 Marco Rubio announced more sanctions for Cuba.

2026-05-08 RFK ended a ban on tanning beds for minors.

2026-05-08 Hantavirus reached 9 countries.

2026-05-08 During a Milken Institute panel, Ted Cruz described Trump Accounts as a "dirty little secret" for advancing privatized Social Security through accounts created for newborns, and an article quoted him as saying, “it’s because we gave the money to babies so the old people didn’t get pissed”.



2026-05-09 Frontier Airlines hit a trespasser on a runway.

2026-05-09 An oil spill was detected near Kharg Island.

2026-05-09 MAGA supporters filed complaints against Bad Bunny’s halftime show.

2026-05-09 The U.S. obligated millions of dollars in soybean, corn and vegetable oil trade from Argentina. 

2026-05-09 Former reality TV star, Trump supporter, and healing crystal peddler Spencer Pratt campaigned to be the next Los Angeles mayor, touting claims that the homeless have homes and choose to live in the streets, stating “They’re not homeless – they’re drug addicts”. 



2026-05-10 Malware infecting robot dogs raised national-security concerns.

2026-05-10 A 22-foot golden Trump statue was erected at Trump National Doral Miami. Pastor Mark Burns defensively wrote on social media, “….Let me be clear: this is not a golden calf…”.

2026-05-10 Erika Kirk and her friends kept pushing “have more babies than you can afford”. 



2026-05-11 The BBC censored a documentary “Gaza: Doctors Under Attack”. 

2026-05-11 Trump Mobile was launched in June 2025 and took preorders for phones. In 2026 they changed their terms to indicate now phones aren’t coming, “Trump Mobile does not guarantee that: the Device will be commercially released; regulatory approvals…will be obtained; carrier certification will be secured…or delivery will occur within any specific timeframe”.

2026-05-11 Trump’s reflection pool project was estimated to cost $13.1M. 




2026-05-12 FDA Commissioner Marty Makary resigned.

2026-05-12 Trump ordered contractors to paint the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool swimming-pool blue.

2026-05-12 Trump said, “I don’t think about Americans’ financial situation – I don’t think about anybody”. Two days later JD Vance denied Trump ever said this. 

2026-05-12 The Trump administration announced former Vice President of for-profit private prisons Geo Group David Venturella would become the new acting director for ICE. 

2026-05-12 Dr. Oz said 30% of American women are “under-babied”, saying “You have to get moms healthy enough to do the most creative thing the universe knows, which is making babies”. For context, a Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health study cites that even though there is a record low fertility rate in 2024, the birth rate is still higher than the number of deaths, meaning population is not in decline. 

2026-05-12 Trump posted AI-generated sewage memes attacking Democrats. Trump posted, “Dumacrats love sewage”.

2026-05-12 The Pentagon considered renaming Operation Epic Fury, Operation Sledgehammer to circumvent the 60-day limit on war without Congressional approval.

2026-05-12 UNICEF reported that Israeli forces had killed approximately 70 Palestinian children in the West Bank since 2025, averaging about one child per week. 

2026-05-12 Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy filmed a reality show, funded by firms he regulates. He was a reality TV star in the late 90’s for MTV’s The Real World and Road Rules.

2026-05-12 Trump threatened – much like in 2020 – to send uniformed agents to polls during midterms. 




2026-05-13 Trump met with President Xi Jinping in China to discuss trade and arms sales.

2026-05-13 The Senate rejected another war-powers resolution (the 7th time).

2026-05-13 Despite a ceasefire allegedly brokered by the US, Israel killed 12 people including 2 children. 

2026-05-13 Israeli fire killed a 16-year-old Palestinian child Yusef Ali Kaabnah near the town of Jiljilya. 

2026-05-13 Israeli forces shot and killed 44-year-old Zakaria Qatusa in the West Bank as he tired to climb a concrete barrier to find work in Israel to feed his four children.

2026-05-13 The fertilizer shortage hit home for farmers in Michigan. 

2026-05-13 CIA whistleblower James Erdman testified before the Senate that there was an effort to downplay COVID 19. 

2026-05-13 Trump announced he would pardon 250 more criminals for America’s 250th.

2026-05-13 Google unveiled facial recognition technology with their smart glasses. 




2026-05-14 Two weeks of clashes in Sudan killed 61 people and 9 children. 

2026-05-14 China’s president Xi Jinping warned president Trump that the US and China could clash over issues with Taiwan. 

2026-05-14 JD Vance announced the administration would withhold $1.3 billion in Medicaid reimbursements from California and other Democratic-led states like New York and Hawaii. Senator Alex Padilla cited “political retribution”.

2026-05-14 CIA Director John Ratcliffe visited Cuba to urge Cuban officials to make diplomatic negotiations. 

2026-05-14 The GOP failed to advance an Iran war powers resolution tied 212 to 212.

2026-05-14 Border Patrol Chief Michael Banks resigned following reports that he had boasted about paying for sex while traveling abroad. The investigation ended abruptly once Kristi Noem served as DHS head.

2026-05-14 The Supreme Court blocked a lower court ruling that would ban mifepristone access via mail in a 7-to-2 ruling on shadow docket.

2026-05-14 A jury in Chicago ordered Boeing to pay nearly $50M in a lawsuit stemming from a fatal crash.

2026-05-14 The White House erected a taxpayer-funded stage at the National Mall to advance Christian Nationalism and exclude other religions. Co-president of the Freedom From Religion Foundation Annie Laurie Gaylor wrote, “Our Constitution is godless by design. The government has no authority to organize religious revivals, much less use them to promote a Christian nationalist agenda”.





2026-05-15 Trump announced a sculpture garden project in D.C.

2026-05-15 Colorado Governor Jared Polis granted election denier Tina Peters clemency.

2026-05-15 Jesse Watters said on “The Five”, “I did some research on the Blacks – as Judge Janine so eloquently would say – um. The solution to Hakeem’s problem, the (ske?) Obama, is baby making. Blacks for 150 years have only represented 10 to 15% of the American population. Okay? That’s not that much. So, if they wanna have more seats, they gotta get in between the sheets. Spanish – they’re comin’ North, they’re havin’ tons of kids, and at this point they have the same – almost – the same amount of house seats as Blacks! The Hispanic caucus is almost as big as the – the Black caucus. So, if you guys need to solve that problem you know what you need to do”. 

2026-05-15 An American Airlines jet made an emergency landing at the Kansas City airport due to smoke in the cockpit.

2026-05-15 A Russian drone strike killed 24 people including 3 children in Ukraine.

2026-05-15 Senator Kirsten Gillibrand questioned US Central Command head Admiral Brad Cooper during a hearing for the Senate Arms Committee about why the US had bombed 22 schools and hospitals in Iran. Cooper denied any such bombings except indicating an investigation on the first school bombing when a US Tomahawk missile struck an all-girls school on day 1 of the war. 

2026-05-15 Foreign ministers from the BRICS group of nations gathered in India to discuss the war in Iran. 

2026-05-15 A federal judge ordered Trump administration to return a woman (Adriana Maria Quiroz Zapata) deported to the Democratic Republic of Congo by ICE. 

2026-05-15 The Supreme Court turned down efforts by Democrats to gain additional seats in Virginia.

2026-05-15 JD Vance and Dr. Oz announced a six-month freeze on all new Medicaid hospice enrollments. 





2026-05-16 Senator Bill Cassidy, who voted to convict Trump after January 6, lost his Louisiana primary. 

2026-05-16 Representative Thomas Massie, who supported release of the Epstein files, was projected to lose his Kentucky primary. 

2026-05-16 Trump dropped his $10 billion IRS lawsuit in exchange for a taxpayer-funded $1.7 billion slush fund to pay off J6 insurrectionists.

2026-05-16 Over 3500 unionized workers walked off the job for the first LIR strike in over 30 years.





2026-05-17 China committed to buy $17B in US farm goods each year from 2026 to 2028.

2026-05-17 During a National Mall ceremony, podcaster Eric Metaxas praised Trump’s ballroom project in religious terms, “It’s hard to believe that it would take two centuries for the Lord to raise up a great man to bring that ballroom finally to stand where it needs to stand”.





2026-05-18 Two US Navy jets crashed midair during an air show outside Boise, Idaho.

2026-05-18 Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim wrote, “The world cannot continue to bow to tyranny and corruption. The oppression against Palestinians and those who mobilize and deliver humanitarian aid must be stopped immediately, and Israel must face justice and accountability!”.

2026-05-18 The EPA proposed eliminating drinking-water limits for four PFAS “forever chemicals” established in 2024 and extending utility compliance deadlines from 2029 to 2031.

2026-05-18 A new report finds that more than 100,000 children in the US have had a parent detained since the Trump administration began its mass deportations. 

2026-05-18 A shooting occurred at the Islamic Center of San Diego.

2026-05-18 Financial disclosures showed Trump earned an estimated $220–750 million from trading activity during the first three months of 2026.

2026-05-18 The Trump phone was finally released after nine months, but the design leaves questions as to where the phone was made. The devices looked different than advertised, resembled another phone made in Taiwan, and the American flag has 11 stripes instead of 13. 

2026-05-18 The White House passed legislation for a national annual $130 registration fee for electric vehicles.

2026-05-18 China build data centers under water. 





2026-05-19 California battled the Sandy Fire while tornadoes struck the Midwest, freeze advisories affected North Dakota, and heat advisories were issued in New York – all in the same week.

2026-05-19 After Thomas Massie's primary defeat, Trump called him the "worst congressman in the history of our country." White House Communications Director Steven Cheung celebrated the result on social media. White House Communications Director Steven Cheung wrote on social media, “Do not ever doubt President Trump and his political power. Fuck around, find out”. 

2026-05-19 As part of the IRS settlement, the Justice Department agreed to drop pending tax claims involving Trump and his family.

2026-05-19 Trump sued Minnesota for banning Kalshi prediction markets.

2026-05-19 Twenty-five percent of job seekers reported it had taken them a year or longer to find a job. 

2026-05-19 Mark Meckler claimed Trump was touched or ordained by God.




2026-05-20 The DOJ indicted Raul Castro.

2026-05-20 Two officers filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration for rewarding J6 insurrectionists with a slush fund. 

2026-05-20 Army veteran Kerry Sheron was assaulted outside his Trump-themed home and later died from his injuries.




2026-05-21 Trump rolled back refrigerant regulations intended to reduce emissions, arguing the move would lower grocery costs.

2026-05-21 The Trump administration reversed a federal rule requiring grocery stores and air conditioning companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from cooling equipment, claiming the move was intended to reduce grocery prices.

2026-05-21 Cargill locked out a labor union in Fort Morgan, Colorado. 

2026-05-21 Applications opened for a $1.8 billion compensation fund benefiting January 6 defendants and other Trump allies, including Enrique Tarrio, Mike Lindell, George Santos, Rod Blagojevich, and Adam Johnson.

2026-05-21 US CENTCOM carried out strikes on an Iranian naval base in “self-defense”. Meanwhile, Trump told everyone we are close to a peace deal with Iran which he stated was “largely negotiated”. 

2026-05-21 Senate Majority Leader John Thune responded to Trump’s J-6 Insurrectionist slush fund, “I think it’s hard to divorce anything that happens here from what’s happening in the political atmosphere around us”.







2026-05-22 Combat veteran and Democratic Representative Pat Ryan said, “…these chickenhawk motherf*ckers are going to send us home for Memorial Day weekend – where I’m going to honor my fellow veterans that I served 27 months in combat with – and they are going to not even give an up or down vote on continuing this war almost 3 months in while Americans are paying almost $5 a gallon at the pumps. It is fucking pathetic. They use this procedural bullsh!t argument, and every American should be absolutely outraged about this. It’s a disgrace.”

2026-05-22 Secret Service shot and killed an armed man outside the White House.

2026-05-22 Trump continued to harass Greenland. 

2026-05-22 Activists in New Jersey were arrested for attempting to stop a shipment of weapons and components bound for Israel. 

2026-05-22 Detainees at ICE Delaney Hall have been on hunger strike due to horrid conditions and due process violations. The prison is operated by the private for-profit Geo Group. 

2026-05-22 A Tennessee judge dismissed all criminal charges against Kilmar Abrego Garcia, ruling that the then deputy attorney general Todd Blanche had tainted the investigation with a “vindictive motive”, and that “the evidence before this court sadly reflects an abuse of prosecuting power”. 

2026-05-22 Russia used a powerful hypersonic ballistic missile to strike a high-rise apartment building, schools, a marketplace, and a water supply facility in Kiev.

2026-05-22 Tulsi Gabbard announced she would be stepping down from the Trump administration after her husband was diagnosed with bone cancer. 

2026-05-22 Teachers revolted against I-Ready; a private-equity-backed software used in education.

2026-05-22 More reports linked data centers to major environmental damage.

2026-05-22 Trump skipped Don Jr.’s wedding, citing duty to the country despite frequent resort trips during his presidency.





2026-05-23 Hawaii banned dark money elections like Citizens United, in a strategy known as the “Corporate Power Reset”.

2026-05-23 Trump campaigned for countries to normalize relations with Israel by joining the Abraham Accords.  According to ABC News Australia, leaders fell silent during a phone conference when Trump insisted these countries must side with Israel. In a social media post, Trump said he was “…mandatorily requesting that all Countries immediately sign the Abraham Accords…”.  

2026-05-23 Activists of the Global Sumud Flotilla were beaten with batons by police officers in Spain, bringing attention to the $1.9M security contract between Basque police and an Israeli firm. 

2026-05-23 Trump proposed a budget to entirely cut housing and community development funds. Appropriations committee Tom Cole responded to Trump’s proposed housing and community development cuts, “Remember, the power of the Appropriation Committee is here, and we will make those decisions”. 

2026-05-23 GOP Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky responded to Trump’s proposed $1.8B slush fund for J6 insurrectionists, “So the nation’s top law enforcement official is asking for a slush fund to pay people who assault cops. Utterly stupid, morally wrong. Take your pick”. 





2026-05-24 Marco Rubio delivered remarks about a shared interest and values between the U.S. and India.

2026-05-24 By this date, as of March 2 2026 more than 1 million Lebanese have been forced to flee their homes.

2026-05-24 France’s foreign ministry barred Ben-Gvir from entering France, citing his “incitement of hatred and violence against Palestinians”. 

2026-05-24 GOP Senator Tom Tillis of North Carolina responded to Trump’s proposed $1.8B slush fund for J6 insurrectionists, calling it, “stupid on stilts”. 




2026-05-25 Pope Leo called for AI to be “disarmed” and more heavily regulated.

2026-05-25 Trump used a Memorial Day message to trash Democrats and anyone who questioned his plans in Iran. 





2026-05-26 Israeli strikes killed five Palestinians at a refugee camp in central Gaza, including a six-year-old girl. 

2026-05-26 Vance hosted an anti-fraud roundtable with FTC chair and state attorney generals. 

2026-05-26 NASA announced plans to build a moon base. 

2026-05-26 A federal court blocked the Alabama House map calling it unfair to Black voters. 

2026-05-26 The Trump administration announced that anyone currently in the US applying for a green card must return to their countries and re-apply.


2026-05-26 Trump rescinded a proposed AI safety-vetting executive order, prompting criticism from Senator Mark Kelly about billionaire influence over AI policy. In a post, Senator Mark Kelly wrote, “America cannot lead in AI if our policy is determined by whichever billionaire gets the President on the phone last. We need a strategy that supports innovation, protects workers, strengthens national security, and makes sure this technology benefits the country, not just a handful of big tech companies”.

2026-05-26 There is a movement to have oil-rich Alberta separate from Canada. 

2026-05-26 White supremacist group Patriot Front marched in the streets at Virginia Beach.





2026-05-27 South Carolina Senate rejected the GOP attempt to eliminate the last-standing Democratic district after 12 Republicans joined Democrats to vote against it. Representative Jim Clyburn stated, “The people who drew that map – some of them may not have ever set foot in South Carolina – this White House says to hell with the process – to hell with the Constitution”. 

2026-05-27 West Virginia communities have repeatedly had to battle water contamination from mining runoff.

2026-05-27 The White House targeted E. Jean Carroll who Trump was found liable in courts for sexually abusing in 1996. 

2026-05-27 After Bari Weiss pulled a story from 60-Minutes about CECOT, reporting correspondent Sharyn Alfonsi wrote in a parting statement, “In the coming days, network leadership may attempt to hide behind corporate euphemisms like ‘modernization’ and ‘restructuring’ to explain away my departure. Don’t be misled. This was not a routine corporate transition; it was a deliberate choice to penalize a journalist for refusing to sanitize factually accurate reporting, and it sends a chilling message to the entire newsroom”. 




2026-05-28 Student journalist Santiago Campos delivered a speech during a news Emmy award ceremony, “…as corporate elites take hold over the very pipes through which our information flows, journalism that serves people becomes increasingly harder to come by, yet ever more crucial. And what people want is the truth. So if at any time you hesitate to utter the word ‘genocide’ or remain silent in the face of blatant lies, remember to ask yourself who is this for”. 

2026-05-28 The White House intervened to get a $620M business deal for a company tied to Donald Trump Jr. 

2026-05-28 Trump continued a pressure campaign on Cuba, claiming Cuba was “next”. 

2026-05-28 Cases of GLP-1 weight loss drug overdoses rose from 1366 in 2021 to 15,102 in 2025. 

2026-05-28 Trump threatened to “blow up” Oman. 





2026-05-29 House GOP members rejected Trump’s National Defense Authorization Act demands.

2026-05-29 Several music artists dropped out of Trump’s 250 event, stating they felt it was a politicized partisan event. In place of the event Trump proposed a MAGA rally.

2026-05-29 Louisiana lawmakers approve a map to eliminate a majority Black district.

2026-05-29 Peter Thiel relocated to Argentina.

2026-05-29 Reports alleged Trump purchased significant amounts of TKO stock while promoting a White House UFC event.

2026-05-29 Bari Weiss and Larry Ellison hollowed out 60-Minutes.

2026-05-29 Trump snubbed loyalist Nancy Mace in the South Carolina elections.





2026-05-30 A judge ordered Trump to remove his name from the Kennedy Center, saying, “congress named the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts for President John F. Kennedy by federal statute…and the Center may not be officially named for anyone else except by an Act of Congress”.  Trump reacted in a social media post, “Unless I am free to do what I do better than anyone else, bring this Institution back, physically, financially, and artistically, I have no interest in continuing what could only be a hopeless journey into "NEVER NEVER LAND."

2026-05-30 The White House allegedly recruited troops to attend the White House lawn UFC match but required them to 1) pay for the trip themselves and 2) meet a waist-to-height ratio standard. 



2026-05-31 Minister Smotrich marched in the annual Israel Day parade in New York and received backlash for being uninvited due to sanctions for inciting violence against Palestinians and promoting genocide. Mamdani said, “You can see in the participation of the far-right Israeli minister Smotrich as well as a number of other ministers, a vision of annihilation, a complicity in genocide, and frankly a belief that does not have much value for even the sanctity of children in Gaza, and I am offended, as I know many New Yorkers are by their participation”.   

2026-05-31 On Fox, Ken Paxton responded to being called ‘scandal plagued’, “The reality is they could say the same thing about Donald Trump…”

2026-05-31 The aluminum market was caught in between tariffs and the elective Iranian war and faced a supply risk.

2026-05-31 Bovino delivered a speech at the neo-fascist Remigration Summit in Portugal (RESUM26).  

2026-05-31 The British government banned two political commentators from entering the U.K. “on the grounds that their presence in the UK may not be conducive to the public good”. Both figures are outspoken in their criticism of Israel. Cenk Uygur posted, “I’ve been banned for criticizing Israel. Are we free anymore?”. Hasan Piker posted, “the uk has revoked my visa as well. All at the behest of israel.”



### 2026 June

2026-06-01 Anthropic filed for an initial public offering after it raised $65B and pushed its valuation to $965B. Bernie Sanders announced a new bill that would create a sovereign wealth fund by imposing a one-time 50% tax on big-tech stock. Sanders wrote in an op-ed it would, “give the public a direct role in determining the future of this technology….not simply to make the richest people in the world even richer…”.

2026-06-01 Florida formally sued ChatGPT and Sam Altman for endangering children.

2026-06-01 The mayor of Newark, New Jersey announced it would push to shut down the Delaney Hall ICE facility.

2026-06-01 Federal courts blocked the Pentagon from discharging transgender service members, but allowed the Pentagon to continue banning transgender people from entering. 

2026-06-01 Section 224 of the 2027 Defense Bill aims to merge the U.S. and Israeli militaries.

2026-06-01 Orthodox Israeli protestors blocked roads and trains to forgo military draft.

2026-06-01 The drought crisis forced farmers to navigate water shortages. 




2026-06-02 The booking agent for the White House 250 event is Jeff Epstein of Universal Attractions.

2026-06-02 Hegseth again struck several female and Black Navy officers from a promotion list. This list was released by the Pentagon May 22. He did this in March to the Army

2026-06-02 Ghana’s anti-LGBTQ bill required further scrutiny as it would endanger the lives of the LGBTQ community. The bill places 10-year prison sentences on anyone promoting LGBTQ and critics have called it the “kill the gays bill”. 

2026-06-02 Israel continued attacks on Lebanon and killed 8 people even after Trump said both sides agreed to a ceasefire.

2026-06-02 Axios reported that Trump allegedly told Netanyanu, “You’re fucking crazy. You’d be in prison if it weren’t for me. I’m saving your ass. Everybody hates you now. Everybody hates Israel because of this”. 

2026-06-02 Hegseth classified the Pentagon press office and physically barred journalists from entering. Reporters Without Borders said, “No matter how petulant Pete gets, journalists will continue their tenacious reporting and hold the Pentagon accountable for the money, operations, and lives they impact every day”.

2026-06-02 Russia launched 73 missiles and 656 drones on Ukraine. Zelensky asked the US for interceptor assistance and was ignored. 

2026-06-02 Trump named housing official Bill Pulte as acting director of national intelligence.

2026-06-02 Trump signed an EO laying groundwork for federal testing on AI before public release.

2026-06-02 Shortly after Trump pardoned George Santos, Kalshi prediction markets reported Santos for insider trading. 

2026-06-02 Despite being missing for several months, Republican Tom Kean won the election in New Jersey’s 12 district after receiving Trump’s endorsement.





2026-06-03 CBS fired Scott Pelley from 60 Minutes.

2026-06-03 Republicans joined Democrats in a 215–208 House vote to end the Iran conflict. The measure remained largely symbolic because it still required Senate approval and Trump's signature.

2026-06-03 United Flight 169 passed 15 feet above the New Jersey turnpike and hit a light pole.

2026-06-03 Vivek Ramaswamy said, “…actually a Black baby is probably safer in the inner street of Chicago – in the inner city of Chicago – than in the womb of his own Black mother…”

2026-06-03 Ukraine struck an oil Depot in St. Petersburg.

2026-06-03 Farm Journal reported that “40% of agricultural economists say that many farmers will need significant restructuring to remain viable”. 

2026-06-03 Mass protests emerged in Albania over Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump’s purchase of protected land to develop resorts.

2026-06-03 Trump signed an EO to make it easier to fire federal workers.

2026-06-03 On Capitol hill Mark Rubio testified that military operations against Iran were over, while Trump on the same day in the Oval Office told reporters the U.S. attacked Iran recently. 

2026-06-03 Experts warned that the 2026 El Nino will be the strongest on record. 





2026-06-04 Texas issued a state of disaster after a new world screwworm case was detected in cattle, goats and dogs. 

2026-06-04 Pam Bondi shifted blame on Todd Blanche for being in charge of the Epstein files.

2026-06-04 A family burned alive in Gaza after Israeli strikes. This is not the first time. Civilians were burned alive during Israeli strikes in October 2024 and April 2025. 

2026-06-04 The Pentagon dropped 180 faiths from the military’s recognized religions list including Buddhism, several facets of Christianity, Hindu, Islam, Judaism, Sikh, and Agnostic. 

2026-06-04 Trump used a Cold-War era national defense law to grant $700M to coal plants.

2026-06-04 A few companies released Christian-themed energy drinks to capitalize on current events. 

2026-06-04 Three armed National Guard soldiers approached, physically assaulted and detained a woman on her own porch. 




2026-06-05 The Senate passed a $70B ICE funding budget.

2026-06-05 The White House took over federal grant-making draws, allowing the President to have more partisan power over grants and research. 

2026-06-05 Trump visited a swing district in Wisconsin amidst rising costs for American farmers.  Experts reported numerous farmers are asset heavy and going bankrupt. Farm families held up banners while Trump talked about his reflecting pool project. 




2026-06-06 Trump appointed former private equity mogul Bill Pulte to take over as Director of National Intelligence and shrink overseas intelligence agencies. 

2026-06-06 Overnight Israel killed 9 civilians including 4 children.

2026-06-06 As outlined in Project 2025 by the Heritage Foundation, Trump dismantled the Ocean Observatories Initiative designed to help with weather reporting and climate change studies. 




2026-06-07 Trump had a tantrum during an NBC interview and stormed off the set.



2026-06-08 Citizens of France accosted Pete Hegseth after a Normandy memorial speech in which he called immigration into Europe to a modern “invasion.” France called out the remarks for being toxic and cited Hegseth of “trying to interfere” with their democracy.




2026-06-09 A new report from the Government Accountability Office was released on ICE detention facility Camp East Montana which cited “serious performance and oversight challenges” and a huge drain in fraud, waste and abuse of taxpayer money. 

2026-06-09 GOP lawmakers accused the Southern Poverty Law Center for using funds to pay KKK members as informants. 

2026-06-09 The UN documented hundreds of cases of extrajudicial punishment in Gaza including knee capping and bone breaking with metal pipes. 

2026-06-09 A so-called stress toy “Natasha” went viral in China social media, where users intentionally torture, inject liquids, drive over, and humiliate the doll for views. 



2026-06-10 Trump posted Iran was taking too long in negotiations and will have to “pay the price”. This was after U.S. strikes reportedly hit 2 reservoirs in Iran, leaving 20,000 people without access to drinking water. 

2026-06-10 A World Cup referee from Somalia was denied entry into the U.S. days before the World Cup. 

2026-06-10 Representative Maxwell Frost of Florida wrote, “Instead of investing in you and ensuring you can afford your healthcare, groceries, or rent – they chose to hand $70 BILLION to agencies operating without any guardrails while terrorizing and brutalizing our communities.”

2026-06-10 An investigation by AP found the Trump administration separated children from their families again in violation of a landmark settlement meant to unite children with their parents. 

2026-06-10 The NYT reported how the Epstein files caused extreme panic within the White House.

2026-06-10 SpaceX will receive 700 acres of protected wildlife refuge in Texas. 

2026-06-10 Data centers are seizing Georgian residents’ homes and contaminating the drinking water. 

2026-06-10 The Southern Baptist Convention voted to formally ban women from serving as pastors. 

2026-06-10 Trump is trying to take control over the US Postal Service. 




2026-06-11 Reports indicate Pediatrician Dr. Hussam Abu Safia was abducted from Gaza and is now being tortured in Israel. 

2026-06-11 Further sanctions were placed on Cuba.

2026-06-11 FIFA forced Haiti to change the design of their jersey because it was “too political”. 

2026-06-11 Bipartisan Congressmembers urged Trump to halt deportation of hundreds of Afghan refugees to the Congo after they served the U.S. in Afghanistan. The group includes over 400 children and family of US servicemembers. 

2026-06-11 Trump further advocated on Fox that he wanted the Chinese Communist Party to continue buying up American farmland. 

2026-06-11 Trump claimed Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni begged for a photo op with him. The Prime Minister refuted the claim, so Trump chastised her for not supporting the war in Iran. 




2026-06-12 Elon Musk officially became the first trillionaire. 

2026-06-12 The State Department opened an investigation into Trita Parsi for reporting on the war in Iran, and now he faces deportation.

2026-06-12 A judge ordered Trump’s name to be removed from the Kennedy Center. 



2026-06-13 Protesters in Albania tore down fences surrounding Jared Kushner’s luxury development site. 

2026-06-13 At a Houston Texas GOP convention on Judeo-Christian values, Texas Republicans promoted “Don’t Sharia My Texas” and then quickly rejected Muslim attendees. One attendee said, “Halal food is going to be a giant money maker. It is everywhere that Islam goes. The problem is you eat meat that’s been sacrificed to their fake God…”

2026-06-13 New Yorkers celebrated in unity after the Knicks won the NBA championship.



2026-06-14 Fan brawls broke out at the White House UFC event. 

2026-06-14 FISA Section 702 – a foreign surveillance law – was allowed to expire. 

2026-06-14 UFC heavyweight Josh Hokit disparaged Michelle Obama after the White House UFC fight “Michelle Obama is a man – Am I right America?”

2026-06-14 People were arrested for planning to incite a revolution at the White House UFC fight. One person charged had confirmed affiliation with a Christian extremist group, sympathizing with Hitler, and homicidal ideations.




2026-06-15 Edwards Air Base confirmed the crash of a B-52 bomber, killing 8. 

2026-06-15 In Britain four Palestine activists were sentenced as terrorists without conviction for protesting in 2024. 

2026-06-15 Trump administration blocked 250,000 barrels of gasoline and diesel to Cuba. 

2026-06-15 Vance said the administration plans to release the “Memorandum of Understanding” agreement between the US and Iran. 

2026-06-15 The UK has labelled Palestine Action as a terrorist organization. 

2026-06-15 Trump said he may or may not personally show up to sign the Memorandum of Understanding. 

2026-06-15 The DOJ intervened in a lawsuit in NAACP v. Elon Musk for violating a clean air act and polluting Black neighborhoods.

2026-06-15 Iran said the Memorandum of Understanding deal requires Israel to withdraw from Lebanon. 




2026-06-16 Netanyahu announced he has no intentions of withdrawing from Lebanon. 

2026-06-16 Protesters demand release of president of the Islamic Society of Milwaukee Salah Sarsour who has been held at Clay County Jail for over two months. He has been denied medical care and religious rights. He is a type-II diabetic and has lost weight. 

2026-06-16 Trump administration moved two high-profile functions out of the Department of Education: Civil Rights Education will now be under the Department of Justice, and Special Education will now be under the Department of Health and Human Services. 

2026-06-16 An investigation was launched into allegations that Kash Patel created a $1M personal slush fund of taxpayer money to pay off MAGA loyalists. 

2026-06-16 After Trump had it painted blue, the Reflecting Pool turned green.

2026-06-16 A private jet crashed in Laredo Texas.

2026-06-16 Police officers shot and killed a 1-year-old in response to a shoplifting call. 

2026-06-16 The Ebola outbreak in Africa is the worst in history. 

2026-06-16 Snap Inc. released SPECS augmented reality glasses. 




2026-06-17 Ongoing US drone strikes in Somalia killed 12 civilians. In 2025 alone, the US conducted 123 airstrikes. Several children have been killed.

2026-06-17 Anthropic’s Dario Amodei, Google Deepmind’s Demis Hassabis and OpenAI’s Sam Altman attended the G7 summit with Trump and were treated like heads of nation states. 

2026-06-17 Trump signed the 14-point Memorandum of Understanding.

2026-06-17 Georgia lawmakers reversed a decision to gerrymander after civil rights activists pushed against the effort to disenfranchise Black voters.

2026-06-17 Kash Patel prematurely disclosed investigation on social media about an ongoing criminal investigation and nearly compromised the entire mission. 




2026-06-18 SanDisk drives prices soared to almost $3000.

2026-06-18 NVIDIA revealed AI robots that taught themselves to install GPUs.

2026-06-18 Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton pardoned Adam Hoffman, who was charged with a first-degree felony for repeatedly sexually assaulting an 8-year-old boy. Hoffman did not have to register as a sex offender or stay longer than 29 days in jail. 

2026-06-18 Senator Alyssa Slotkin introduced the Protect our Polls Act.

2026-06-18 DHS gave 1300 police departments facial recognition technology.





2026-06-19 The Trump administration postponed the signing ceremony in Switzerland. 

2026-06-19 The DOJ released a memo undermining the Olmstead mandate designed to provide community-based services to people with disabilities, particularly if they are homeless disabled.




2026-06-21 Trump allegedly threatened Iranian officials, “You close it and you won’t have a country…you won’t even make it back to your fucking country…”

2026-06-21 Trump blamed the Reflecting Pool algae bloom on vandals and ordered officials to make arrests. 




2026-06-22 A report raised questions about whether Tulsi Gabbard used a spiritual guide to shape her political career.

2026-06-22 A federal judge quashed subpoenas to Minnesota officials, writing, “Initiating a criminal investigation in order to harass political opponents or to coerce them into taking official action – particularly official action that the federal government cannot directly require those political opponents to take – is a blatantly unlawful and unethical use of the grand jury process…”

2026-06-22 Kier Starmer resigned. 

2026-06-22 Kenneth Roth posted, “The summary execution of two more in an alleged drug boat brings the number of murders ordered by Trump to more than 210. There will come a day when he faces prosecution for these crimes. 

2026-06-22 Mamdani signed an Executive Order protecting workers from extreme heat. 

2026-06-22 The Interior Department introduced new guidelines to slash oil and gas fees paid by energy companies, eliminate requirements to detail plans to eliminate methane emissions, and reduce environmental protections. 

2026-06-22 A suspect was detained at a California library for attempting a “Columbine” style massacre. 

2026-06-22 Trump’s UFC stunt destroyed the White House front lawn. 




2026-06-23 A federal judge blocked Trump’s efforts to create a national citizenship database to verify voter eligibility. Judge Sooknanan wrote, “All in all, the federal government has knowingly trampled on the privacy rights of American citizens in a manner that threatens the sacred right to vote. This court cannot stand idly by while that happens”. 

2026-06-23 UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said about atrocities in Sudan, “The imminent offensive against Alade in Sudan risks commission of serious international crimes and deepens the catastrophic impact on an already beleaguered civilian population”. 

2026-06-23 Ebola cases topped 1000 in the Republic of Congo.

2026-06-23 Banks have not lowered interest rates despite Trump’s pledge in January for them to do so. Citizens are putting food and gas on credit cards, credit delinquency reached the highest level since the crash of 2008, and since January Americans have paid $57B more in credit card interest above 10%. One in three people are skipping meals, medications, and healthcare services. 

2026-06-23 Elissa Slotkin introduced legislation to prevent troops from poll intimidation. 

2026-06-23 United Auto Workers voted to divest from Israel Bonds and issued a statement, “This is going to send a message to – not just the billionaire class – but to politicians and any single person who is not afraid to stand up to genocide, to Netanyahu, to the United States government, and will put the UAW again on the map for standing up for international solidarity”. 

2026-06-23 The DOJ charged 455 defendants with healthcare fraud. 

2026-06-23 Europe experienced record heat.




2026-06-24 Trump cancelled signage of the affordable housing bill until the SAVE act passes.

2026-06-24 North Korea unveiled its largest-ever warship.


